e e
good
morning good morning it is a good
morning it's delicious
actually wasn't expecting that one was
you man these these glasses are amazing
I'm seeing so many more more salty
comments this is great this is awesome I
need these antagonistic individuals for
my story arc like I need that okay it
can't all be people supporting me right
where's the fun in that just give me a
second here I got to make sure I get my
laptop plugged in here so we don't run
out of power I'm only going to be with
you until around 9ish something like
that today um but I I'll observe the uh
non-firm payroll with today just give me
a second I'll be on mute for a
minute
e
e e
all righty welcome back welcome back it
is your host the Ghost with the most
that's right good old ICT hope you're
doing well it is nonfarm payroll Friday
just about 8 minutes or so away from the
uh carnival ride that most retail
Traders want to be a participant in they
want to ride the roller
coaster so I um I shared what I've been
doing here um I
was running something I outlined would
unfold this week if you go back and look
at the reviews the commentary the things
I was posting on my son's Channel and
for the folks that don't know where my
son's channel is on YouTube I'm sharing
every video link on my community tab on
my YouTube channel if you're following
me
on the app on your phone on YouTube I
know that on my older phone I could get
the community tab section up on the the
cell phone but you'd have to go to like
a laptop or something that's a little
bit bigger I'm not sure why it does that
but uh the community tab is kind of like
where I post things to I don't use
Twitter anymore I don't use Facebook I
don't use Instagram I'm not on any of
those services but I use my Community
post or tab on my YouTube channel as a
way of kind of like a message Message
Board telling you what I'm getting ready
to do or just give you some kind of
encouragement or just needle the the
folks that need
the little heat from ICT so I realized
while watching the
[Music]
uh the playback for the editing I didn't
have the indg
on for today so I'm going to do that
real quick before we get into uh
the Tom Foolery that is nonr
payroll so on a one minute chart
there and that's the six o'
open right there so that's going to be
the low of the new day opening
Gap and the close is that price
there so the high is the close at uh 4
and new day opening
Gap High
[Music]
and then this
small and then all you got to do is just
change that to
low quick
painless bing bada boom all right and
let scrub on over here
[Music]
she's a bit up there it's
the look how it's overlapping with the
uh August
13th daily fair value Gap High that's
interesting I don't know about that
let's see what we get here so when
you're looking at nonfarm payroll okay
I'm not enticing you to try to trade
this okay what I like to use it for is I
want to see what type of liquidity they
aim
for okay um before we get into
it non-farm payroll is not
algorithmic okay that is not algorithmic
it is the same
logic that is used in the automated form
but non-farm payroll like fomc is a
manual intervention that means they
literally pick where they want it to go
abruptly just like that okay
and you're encouraged not to try to
trade it going into the nonr payroll
number 20 30 minutes after or if you're
really really skilled 15 minutes after
so 8:45 a.m. eastern time that's the
earliest I would say that anyone should
try to trade the non-firm payroll now
obviously if you're already part of a
trade and you're holding something
then it goes without saying that you
know if you have taken something off you
can leave a little partial on to see if
it gives you a little bit more juice out
of that lemon
but you do not want to be trading this
okay uh if I were to trade every single
non-farm payroll event before the fact
in other words if I was trying to
position ahead of it I would have
terrible stats because I don't know
where they're going to run it next I
don't I don't know that you aren't going
to know that just like I don't know
where they're going to take F1 I don't
know whe they're going to take CPI I
don't know whe they're going to take PPI
they're all manual interventions that
means that you should not be trying to
position yourself ahead of them wait for
the initial shock once that once that
big crash you know comes down into the
marketplace where the the the shock and
all hits it look and see what is
Left Behind like where's the smooth
edges because that's what they're going
to go for next okay so in the you're
going to be wrong about that okay well
that's just one time you're wrong about
it doesn't mean your career is
over all right so we got about uh two
and a half
minutes let's take a quick look at what
we have here um let's do it on a 15
minute time
[Music]
frame and what I teach my students to do
is and before I close I I'll review the
the trade that I just did my ujo Hana
trade that's my ujo
profile and
model I'm being factious it's just me
doing my typical stuff one shot one kill
I told you the turtle soup how it forms
told you what to look for this week with
the commentary on the daily chart and
some of you were surprised like how did
that happened where did you get that
information
from all right so we are inside this
Cy here and let's define it real quick
here's your cell side
and some of you're going be like oh well
you
know it's going to hit one of those
levels right and the important factor is
seeing which one they leave going into
the 9:30 opening
bell and or do they leave it in place
after the initial run for
liquidity and we will do that
[Music]
now we've had a nice drop this week so
it's reasonable for it to see a return
back into some intermediate
term buy side especially with the
nonform
[Music]
payroll okay so what I teach my students
to do is frame out
15minute highs and lows that are key
relative equal highs buy side
this one here we do have you know this
but I don't like that so much because we
already hit this lower low and we've
already met the objective I had for this
week which was that August 13th daily
fair value G blow and you can go back
and listen to my commentary look at what
I was explaining on Caleb's Channel and
the things I was mentioning during the
live streams on this
channel we were looking for lower prices
and I wanted to see it get down into
that 18, 765.00
[Music]
[Laughter]
that's right baby right to the buy side
I didn't like this one this one's the
one I liked
now if you think that you're going to
trade these types of moves if you think
that's going to happen and you're going
to be able to get in there and they're
just going to let you ride it and you're
going to get out you're not even going
to get out here it's happening so fast
and your broker is not allowing you the
execution every broker
pulls their their engagement because
they know that people are going to do
what they're going to over leverage just
like everybody does with these funded
accounts they over leverage they link 20
accounts 30 accounts or whatever the
maximum is and they and they go For
Broke they try to trade as much as they
can be allowed to do by the funded
account company because they think it's
the lottery and they know they can't
trade well so they're trying to get
lucky on one big move so when do they
know markets move around a lot nonfarm
payroll fomc CPI PPI and they gamble so
broker know that they know that so
they're going to pull the opportunity
away from
you that's not a lack of liquidity for
the sake of buying and selling there's a
lot of people want to buy and sell I
promise you they all want to buy and
sell but your Brokers collectively are
not allowing them to do that so that's
why you have this
illusion okay of lack of liquidity they
call illiquidity ill liquidity okay or
illiquid markets now there's absolutely
liquidity there but the Brokers are not
going to allow themselves to see people
go in and just run rough shot on them
because some Brokers B book and when
they bebook these same people that
they're usually taking the money
from they might get lucky that day on a
heavy-handed
bet and they're not opening themselves
up it's just like a casino they're the
house has the edge they're not trying to
let a card counter come in there and do
what a card counter does so what I like
about the nonr payroll is it gives me a
clue sometimes not all the time where it
may want to trade to at 9:30 now how can
I use the information that's been
presented here this is kind of like what
I'm teaching my students over the years
where we're watching non for payroll I'm
not telling them what to do okay
nobody's trying to position ahead of it
but while we did have relative equal
lows here the fact that we took this low
below that one that already indicated
that this one was more likely that's why
I said I don't like this one so much
this one is reasonable why because we've
already traded down to that daily fair
value Gap low on August
13th so it's reasonable for it to to try
to go back and run up against the trail
byy stops which would be here this a
15minute time frame it's a bell weather
time frame so having like fomc um PPI
CPI numbers any kind of big high impact
news driver event I just realized I
didn't check my audio
crap man I'm just want to go with it I'm
I'm trusting that you guys can hear me I
don't have my phone next to me
either geez ICT you're supposed to be a
professional hold on I gotta make I have
to make sure before I go in because I
don't want to review that trade and then
realize I don't have the audit give me a
minute okay give me a second
for e
oh here Ross
camera wow the most comprehensive dating
day treating course according to inves
IIA thanks
Ross all right so let's see yep I hear
myself jaw boing
now yep 4 seconds delay very good very
good all right so anyway back to the
this cariv atmosphere
the the 15-minute time frame okay you
really want to warm up to that time
frame that's the reason why I took
Caleb's attention to that's like his
high time frame outside of a daily chart
obviously
his high time frame is not an hourly
chart it's not a 4-Hour chart it's just
a 15-minute time frame then we can drop
down to a 5 minute chart you can drop
down to a one minute chart or sub one
minute chart and if we can appreciate
the level
of Interest around stops that are above
the marketplace or below the marketplace
the 15minute does a really good job of
highlighting where they're obviously
going to be resting now you don't need a
book map you don't need any kind of like
you know application or app and I know
there's some people out there that have
created them and or are building new
ones because there's a lot of interest
around liquidity now because of the
stuff coming out and the way I teach how
to attack it and it's it's framed in a
way that seems mysterious okay and and
sometimes admittedly I probably in the
very early stages created this air of
mystery around how liquidity is uh in
the marketplace and how you have to seek
it but I've never been ambiguous about
where it is and I teach how to find it
and how to look for it and then based on
how that liquidity is engaged helps you
frame out a narrative helps you
determine what the Market's likely to do
next because that's really what we want
to do as a Trader we want to know where
is the market going next and how can you
be best positioned to capitalize on that
change in price if it's moving higher or
lower and or avoid being wrong more
times than not so that's kind of like
what the essence
or pursuit of a Trader is in managing
the risk along the way so a 15-minute
time frame Caleb is your bell weather
chart for determining where the obvious
Clear Pools of liquidity that the
algorithm will refer to for that
individual daily range okay so what
happens if I was going to keep this for
the book but I'll just tap I'll just
drop it because I didn't do a live
stream yesterday so I'll give you a
little bit extra
today what happens if you can frame a
pool of
liquidity like we did here we outlined
it real quick didn't take long did it
didn't take long 15 minute relative
equal highs here and this low here and I
mentioned the the STK contrast was that
this low was taken slightly lower than
that one and then going into the nfront
payroll while these two may be viewed by
someone else they may say look at this
this is relative equal lows because it's
so close to that low here if I ever see
this one or something similar to this
that low being taken like that it's
already done enough to tip its hand
saying okay at the time of that high
impact news driver fomc PPI CPI um
nonfarm payroll like today I'm going to
elect to anticipate let's say it that
way okay because I don't want you taking
what I'm saying and saying oh he's
giving me that secret nudge nudge wink
wink to take a long trade when it
doesn't no no but it does
encourage a a a new startup or a new
student when they can see these big
flash moves that take place how you can
anticipate where they're likely they're
not you're not going to be right all the
time okay I'm not right all the time
when it comes to these big events okay I
have to wait because I'm not going to
put money up against something that's
uncertain just as well as I mentioned
that I didn't like this one here and
this one was more favorable for a run
for non-farm
payroll it could just as easily gone
down wipe this one then went up there
okay so that's what I'm about to explain
to you if you can
frame on your 15in time frame where the
obvious pools of liquidity for buy side
which is here above relative equal highs
and the sell side below relative equal
lows if you can identify them both and
you should be able to do that over time
by doing it every single day is this is
what you should be doing also every
section of your Journal log entry Caleb
it should have your 15minute time frame
annotating at the beginning of 9:30
where the 15minute pools of liquidity
are because that's that's your bell
weather on The Daily range because it's
going to give you every piece of
information that I'm going to help build
on before we close this live stream out
today when I review the trade I took
yesterday that carried over in today and
no it's not technically the 5th of
September because the execution that
closes the trade occurred today so the
live execution it it's not a profitable
Endeavor until the trade is closed right
so the execution is September 6th not
the title of the video shouldn't be
September 5th
so if we can
frame the idea of buy side and sells
side on a 15minute time frame what
happens if the market at a high impact
or maybe even a medium impact news
driver on economic calendar like uh
Forex factory.
Econo day um I wonder if I don't know
leave a comment in the in the post I
just made on my community
Tab and or if you're a private student
you know how to get a hold of me that
way uh does does trading view have a
calendar like I don't I don't know but
if they don't have one they should do
one but um whatever econom counter you
use you if it's one of the ones I just
mentioned here I I interchangeably use
two econ day is what I've been using
since the 90s and then you have
the the forx factory one which I got
used and accustomed to using when I was
teaching primarily primarily Forex but
you want to look for the medium or high
impact news events I don't care about
the yellow or the the very low impact
news drivers I don't care so much about
the speeches um I do care about
fedir um I do care about um
Bond auctions I do care about
uh only us stuff now if I'm trading
Forex which I don't know I no longer
trade Forex and I know all of you are
upset right now because you're like you
don't talk about Forex anymore I hate
you you want to break out with me now
the the same things I'm teaching here
they work in Forex the problem is Forex
right now is being strangled okay
there's so many things going on in the
uh monetary system that
there isn't a lot of big placement going
on so you need huge flows coming into
those those pairs those those currencies
to create this uh disparity and because
the dollar is being basically
demolished everyone's trying to
determine what's the best play going
forward and that's the reason why I
backpedal away from it because we're
going to see a big huge like a de
pegging what the Euro and the Swiss rank
was years ago
if you've never seen what that was do a
do a search on YouTube for documentaries
about it because brokerage
firms large institutions were completely
wiped out instantly that day so I know
that that's coming I don't know which
currency it's going to be it may be the
dollar it may be another currency but
everyone that's in Forex when that
happens they're going to get crushed
immediately gone dusted and you're going
to owe more money than you ever made in
your life okay because that's how it is
it's just like you're done you'll be
liquidated you're you're a pink Mist in
the air gone
so that's why I backpack back to uh
Commodities and Futures Trading that's
is where I cut my teeth in 1992 November
5th 1992 that's where I started so while
Forex was fun Forex is not my thing
anymore okay so um I'm glad that there's
been this big shift away from Forex and
now folks that are wanting to be Traders
they they take their finances a little
bit more serious they're not in there
gunslinging trying to trade with $25
accounts and trying to turn them into
$1,000 in a month crazy stuff crazy
crazy crazy stuff trading
with fake Brokers basically okay it's
really what you're mostly doing with
these with these Forex guys out there
when you're trading Futures you're
trading a real Market with real buying
and selling interests okay and billions
of dollarss are on the on the line where
it's a it's a gentleman's Market okay
and I say that because Forex you're all
going to get a different high you're all
going to get a different opening price
you're all going to get a different
close because you're dealing with
Brokers that are given the freedom to
screw you in Futures everyone has the
same high tick everyone has the same low
tick and everyone has the same opening
price and the same closing price it's a
Level Playing Field that's why
professionals will trade this Market
over
Forex that's the reason why when you
afford a broker or the clearing firm
that you're using to to execute your
trades on you are signing the agreement
when you open up an account that they
can open and close and narrow the spread
is at any time they want it's at their
discretion when they're going to do it
and you wonder why your takeprofit
doesn't get hit or your stop gets hit
but then it runs it's going to have
happen more times in Forex than it will
happen in Futures now it doesn't mean
that you can't be you know taken out and
swiped with a stop hunt in Futures but
the the difference is the contrast is
you were really wrong if it happens in
Futures and that's good you want to know
if you're wrong okay but in Forex you
have this wide degree of disparity
between all
brokerage and that to me is a little
scammy okay so if they are going to
cannibalize their own
clientele would you choose to trade in
that would you rather swim in the pond
full of
crocodiles or get into a pond that's far
enough that affords you the time to get
the hell out of there if that one single
hippo is at the far end of it and you've
been watching the whole time that's what
Futures is there's there's a hippo in
this water okay and hippos they they
kill more than crocodiles a year but
you got one shot one chance to screw it
up here in Futures in Forex you have so
many things that can go arai and go
against you that are outside your
control you may not even see it
happening or even understand that it's
happening so that's why I've migrated
away from that because now the climate
is
geopolitically primed for some major
Financial meltdown and it's going to be
in the currencies the currencies are
going to get crushed and and it's not
going to be something that you can trade
look at the swissy and the Euro pegging
okay and you'll see exactly what I'm
talking about it's one second it's there
and then it's immediate the game over
like it's it's game over instantaneously
boom it's gone you you don't have
anything left and literally brokerage
firms large institutions were completely
crushed so I'm answering this because
I'm still getting questions why I'm not
talking about Forex because if I talk
about Forex I know my influence is going
to have people doing what I want to
trade Forex I want to do what ICT is
doing I want to do this I want to do
that I'm not in Forex I don't have a
penny in Forex zero zilch NADA no broker
holds any money in Forex for me none not
one in Futures you have reputable
Brokers you have the same price
everybody sees the same thing it's a
Level Playing Field and it's a
professional gentleman's Market that
means yes there's manipulation but it's
not like a a wild West like like Forex
is okay and it's not likely to have the
same thing happen to it even if there is
something in the currency Mark there
will there will be shock waves in
Futures as a result of that but I would
I would be better equipped mentally and
psychologically to weather any
adversities while trading Futures versus
Forex so there's your answer for
everybody that's been asking why you
keep talking about stuff and nobody ask
you you don't know who's asking anything
bro so we're back up into New Day
opening Gap is that beautiful so we
traded all the way back up to the buy
side which was favored over this because
of that little tiny little tick below
that but what happens if it runs both
sides ahead of 9:30 like say say for
instance it opened here at 8:30 it
traded down hit the sell side first and
then ran up hit the buy side if it would
do that and then keep the
range whatever this you say that that
high right here say stays intact and
then we march to 9:30 and it doesn't
make a higher high and it doesn't go
below here if it did both sides of I'm
sorry i s wrong if it would have taken
sell side first and then went up here
and took the buy side and the range that
was defined by that stays intact all the
way till 9:30 what that indicates
is we have a a 50 we have a 50-50 chance
that the Market's going to stay inside
that range and not go down and take the
low out
again but what happens if it does this
it fails to take out that cell side
takes out the buy side and then doesn't
rip and keep going and crushing speed
going higher like if it's just hangs
around and creates a little bit like
retracement back into uh the first fair
value gap on Thursday because that's
what this blue line is here I I I had to
throw that little lipstick annotation on
because I didn't want to create anything
over here because the text wouldn't show
so I had to type it in like that so um I
had to make sure the recorded trade had
everything on the chart so I usually
don't like to annotate it that way but
if it stays the way it is right here and
we didn't take out the cell side it
means that we could flirt with trying to
make an attempt to go back down here but
I would expect it to fail and then
everybody would want to chase it going
lower and then they would do something
that's like this after 9:30 going into
10:00 11:30 and then closing somewhere
in the middle of the
U uh high end of the daily fair value
gap on August
13th so it gives you at least something
to work with initially to to frame some
kind of a narrative and I know what I
just explained to you for the very very
brand new students that are coming to me
it's a little Advanced but it's okay
because you're you're seeing me outline
things day after day and when I'm
talking about the higher time frame
charts where the price should reach to
what should it gravitate to
over time being exposed to that a lot of
the questions that you have right now
that you think are Paramount that you
can't sleep unless you figure the
answers out right now I promise you if
you just write those questions down in
your study Journal just relax the days
that you have those questions come up
write them down and leave space for the
answer because eventually when you get
to another video to you watch by me or a
live stream I'll cover something
but obviously there's so many of you
that are watching I know most of what
you're going to ask me anyway and most
of those things are already answered in
the old content that's on my YouTube
channel all the old lectures they're not
stale they don't they don't stop working
because they're years old you all the
stuff that I taught in 1996 are still
they're still happening right now and
you're talking about the algo changing
come on now so um 15 minute time time
frame Caleb is what you want to um focus
on early on I expect Caleb to have the
wrong buy side and sell side annotated
it's it's normal for that to happen I
want him to mess it up so that way I can
show him what he's doing wrong and where
the right one is that way if you're
doing similar things you will have that
experience of oh yeah I I probably you
was thinking the same thing if you're
even doing it at all that's why it's
important before you watch anything that
appears on Caleb's
Channel you do it first in your own
charts okay because that way it's like
this same experience by me showing you
mine I'll show you what my charts look
like at the end of the day this is my
annotations this is how you should have
your charts marked up these are the
obser uh observations that you should
have in my opinion based on what I
believe you as the audience member
specifically Caleb my son you should be
focusing on right now it does not mean
it encapsulates every possible thing
that I've ever taught on it just means
that as a a beginning basis point like
if you're brand new and you want to know
how to start this is how you start the
2024 mentorship and then watching what
I'm doing over my son's channel for the
next couple weeks it'll be primarily me
talking and then because he's seen
enough examples of it he can ask me
pertinent questions that are useful
other words otherwise right now if if I
sit with him and he says all right Dad
what about this and what about that
they're infantile questions and they're
best suited to be answered just by going
through the process of me
watching you know the next couple weeks
reviewing doing the uh screenshots for
his journal and then he's going to try
to in his best effort try to replicate
that on his own and it probably won't be
as clean and crisp and all and it's
going to get him on Nurse because I'm
OCD but you are looking at those charts
what they are documenting are important
to
you I'm watching this over here so I'm
looking at this little section of price
action see how we went we went
down up and then now down so there's
this inefficiency right here this is the
only thing that I'm watching if it
really starts to make a move above that
then uh we'll probably be working
towards a deeper retracement uh post
9:30 but right now it's just it traded
right back up in that little area here I
don't think that that is a reason to
stop price going higher but that's just
something I'm watching as I was talking
to you so 15minute time frame there's
your liquidity poll
and then you strip it down from the
15-minute time frame down into a 5
minute and levels that would uh be
defined on this time frame they're
considered minor buy side and cells side
okay so you have primary buy side and
cells side on a 15-minute time frame and
that's going to give you your first
parameters for framing out or fleshing
out a a narrative for the session end or
the daily range so um one of the things
I like watching in other live streamers
and other YouTube channels that are very
upfront and they tell you what they
believe what they think their opinions
and some of them are actually executing
on them I'm thankful that they're
willing to do that because they they
create pools of liquidity in
sentiment and it allows them when they
when they get on their YouTube channel
and this is not a knock against any
individual YouTuber I'm focusing on
their audience because that's what I'm
watching all they're doing is creating
another Watering Hole so when I'm
watching other YouTubers it's a watering
hole animals are going to go out to that
watering hole and they're going to try
to get a drink and they're either
chasing what this person's doing in the
you in the YouTube stream which I don't
ever there is nobody out there I want to
follow not one okay but I like watching
my
students but I like watching
specifically a number of YouTubers that
have they have a decent following and
their
animation around a particular uh bias
for the day if they think a certain
level is going to be hit and for
instance let's roll back in time let's
just say right before
8:30 say it wasn't non-farm payroll and
we weren't going to have this fast run
in price the way I just framed out the
sell side and the buy side real time in
front of you I would have those same
levels annotated the same way it just
means that it's likely to take a little
bit longer to get to them because it's
not a non-farm payroll
fomc CPI or PPI type event driving price
right to it so because that resource
that we have in YouTube and allows the
folks to have a chat window and whatever
um by watching the sentiment
shifting and if I see another YouTube
channel that I watch and and I think
that they have a very busy Channel with
chat I love that and I'm not engaging in
their chat but I'm sometimes I'll I'll
throw a bone out there to try to get
some kind like if it's real dry and
nobody's really chatting up anything
that gives me any kind of sentent
reading I'll make myself known in the
chat and then all of a sudden Billy big
ass you know balls or whatever you want
to call it guy wants to show everybody
he's smart um he'll say something and
then that's what I'm looking for I want
the Joker to to raise his head up
because as soon as he does that somebody
else is either going to say no I don't
think that's going to happen and in a
wave of other people saying yeah you're
right that's not right or they'll
support him that's me manipulating that
chat room okay I'm I'm I'm creating some
fluctuation because I have to create a
disturbance I'm I'm acting like a Judas
so I want their opinion if I see
predominantly most of the people that
I'm watching sentiment wise if they're
saying they think it's going to go down
and I'm already seeing things like this
low went lower than that one and this
one is relatively equal see there's this
this High here didn't go above that high
even though that these could be framed
if you're looking at that way that would
be a relative equal high but this is
high probability why because this high
is lower than that one go back to what I
was teaching you in the 2024 content so
far so this High over here is lower than
that one but you don't have that here do
you you have this
lower and then you got this one over
here where it's just like it it's
already Disturbed it it's Disturbed that
liquidity where here it's a little bit
more blocky looking where this is a a
wick if this Wick gets
overtaken like it does here that means
it it took a real run on liquidity
versus like how I treat a wick I'll I'll
break that down in the quadrants and
more specifically the halfway point if I
see a wick like this and we're above it
I want to see it trade down into the
upper half of it but not even go below
the midpoint of it but in this leg lower
it passed through that easily and spent
time down there what was it doing it was
accumulating see you don't have those
signatures up here it's more
blocky so that makes this a better
candidate for a high impact or Medi
impact news driver drawing to that but
if it's not a medium I'm sorry excuse me
if it's not a high impact news event
like the PPI number that comes out the
CPI number if a fomc rate announcement
comes out in the afternoon 2 2:30 in the
conference call and then you have like a
nonr payroll event here excluding them
everything
else if it's on economic calendar with
medium
impact I would expect that same type of
thing unfolding here it just would be a
gradual trading up to that level for the
buy side does that make sense I know you
can't answer me but it's it's affording
me the the moment where I framed where
the liquidity is and then I'm actually
getting a dynamic sentiment reading by
people that have a vested interest in
looking right on social media think
about
that if they're going into these chat
rooms and they're trying to voice their
opinion it doesn't matter if they're
right or wrong okay that that's not
that's not my point the point is they're
willing to to to toss it out there in
The
Ether and I want to see how much
traction it gains by anyone else in that
chat room that's how I'm using other
YouTubers streams and if they start
cheerleading the idea oh yeah yeah I
like that idea but my Target's a little
bit past that that's exactly what I want
to hear I want to hear that stuff like
this yeah I want to see it Go below that
low here I want to aim for
18,686 60
bro that's exactly what I'm looking for
because now I'm arm wrestling them as
smart money against dumb money Street
money okay I'm not saying everybody and
everybody else's live stream is dumb
money I'm just the ones that are acting
that way when I'm expecting this load
not to be taken and this area here to be
a drawn
to what you have at that very moment is
the purest form of
sentiment at a very specific time where
it's diametrically opposed to what the
algorithm is going to do who do you
think's going to win
that who think's going to win that
right come on now you know the answer
dumb money is going to fall on the sword
of SM smart money okay and when we can
see these these tug of- Wars these these
wars if you will between someone that's
not informed that are just impulsively
trying to share an opinion for the
purpose of looking right smart money is
not trying to be right smart money is
out there
decapitating other large entities that's
what they're doing that's what they do
the algorithm just delivers price smart
money engages with that algorithm with
their own high frequency trading
algorithms or discretionary trading but
they use the logic that I'm showing you
here so Banks do not trade with what I'm
showing you here there's an entity
outside of that okay it's outside of
that they're not Goldman Sachs because
Goldman Sachs tells you you can't trade
and time the market well they're they're
really stuck with what I just did today
two I'm doing it every single day
proving where the Mark's going to go
next and this does it look like noise to
you does it feel like you're confused as
oh it's too much noise going on in these
time frames no it's Clarity right and
it's encouraging it encourages you to be
able to say hey if this guy can do it
and he used to deliver pizza come on man
I can do this if I apply myself you just
got to give yourself some more time and
effort
so if the 15-minute time frame buy side
and sells side liquidity pools are
defined it gives you an initial context
and I will counsel you and the live
streamers will appreciate you by
watching their streams too because
they'll get more views but every
bigname YouTuber that follows the
futurist Market my advice is quietly
respectfully in
anonymity start watching their chat
Windows because I'm using using that as
the best s sentiment indicator because I
know what I'm looking for technically
I'm looking for something to take place
to draw to a specific price level to
behave a certain way and I have made
that known to you since we started doing
this mentorship I told you every step of
the way what I'm looking for I'm using
High time frame charts to tell you what
I think narrative wise but in day I can
trade both sides it's it's not a problem
to do that but if we're looking for that
low on August 13th
on the fair value gap which I'll take
you to the chart in a second that was
where I wanted to see it trade down to
this week once it hits that I'm done I'm
not personally looking for anything
lower can it go lower absolutely can but
I'm not going to be on that why because
I'm sailing into the
weekend I'm
done I'm letting everybody else out here
fight on non-farm payroll Friday to find
something to make money on when I just
destroyed it
Godzilla's Atomic breath boom gone
nuclear waste
now and everybody else is trying to find
scraps to eat I'm I'm I'm out I'm out
the door I'm outtie I've already done
enough damage I don't need to do
anything else so I'm walking back out to
the ocean find myself in my Godzilla
layer
right so if I know it's always some kind
of movie movie uh analogy that's how my
brain works man
so when we drop down from a 15 minute
time frame to a 5minute chart then you
start seeing smaller pools of liquidity
and what would that look like well
inside of this low and this High that's
your range so if we think by dividing up
the characteristics that the buy side
liquidity pool has in contrast to with
the cell side the fact that this Wick
was overtaken that to me is more
indicative of this was a real stop hunt
versus this blockiness okay it's just
real smooth compared to this would you
agree this is a little bit more Jagged
more piercing versus all of this
blockiness so this is more likely to be
drawn to on the basis of just the way
the price printed it then you add to it
what day of the week is it it's Friday
what direction primarily has this week
been doing has it been going up all week
or has it been going down all week
clearly it's been going down all week we
had a big old Tuesday drop down okay the
first part of the morning I wasn't part
of that but I smashed it in the
afternoon and then you then you watch
what I did yesterday and today so I
don't need to be in there every day I
know how to catch up I had to fill in
the gaps of days where I wasn't
participating in because I will let the
market tell me what it wants to do I
want the setups to come to me as I'll
indicate when we break down that trade
but you you have to look at price and
discern
discern when you're going to engage when
you're not going to engage
and once you have that 15minute time
frame
defined this is your dealing range this
is your high and this is your
low what is the daily range and or
specifically what's the morning session
going to do with that range is it going
to stay inside of it or is it going to
trade just outside the low of it or is
it going to trade just outside the high
of it is it going to run both sides
first and if it's going to run both
sides which side does it run first
in this case it ran to the buy side but
it Stacks the odds against this being a
prolonged move lower for me personally
because it's Friday it's fulfilled my
high time frame daily objective by going
into that August 13 daily low fair value
got low and that sounds like a whole lot
of mumbo jumbo but when we go back to
the daily chart you're going to see
exactly what I'm talking about it's
going to make perfect sense but this
isn't going to be a long video so it's
going to be easy for you to watch a few
times to get the the notes from it
after the 15minute time frame is defined
where you have both buy side and sell
side dropping down to a f- minute chart
then you can start looking at things
like this where this is a high slightly
lower high so these are relatively equal
you might not see it that way that's
what I'm teaching my son the view it as
so buy side is defined with this High
here what kind of high would that be
what kind of buy side specifically would
that be a minor b side liquidity
pool so you'd annotate it like this
I already have presets and I know it's R
you nuts you save so much time I'm
teaching I'm not trying to save time I'm
teaching you want your brain surgeon to
go through the cliff notes and then you
want to be doing uh brain surger on you
no thanks brother I'm not doing that I
want the person that went through all of
it the right
way so this way it helps teach how
people are to annotate because there's
always new students coming in
top left and I like 14 or 16 depending
on what the Trav say that's good for now
so this is a this is a minor buy side
liquidity pool okay and then we have
again right in here see
these so that same thing so you can
highlight not the edge of it the
Highlight the line hold down control
drag your mouse away from it and it'll
copy it and then you just put it on the
higher of the two highs and extend that
over okay so you have a a primary sells
side liquidity pool a primary buy side
liquidity pool what makes it primary
it's a 15minute time frame dealing range
so that way it it tells you what what
you are going to frame your session end
or daily range around initially because
you have to have a starting point right
where do I start ICT where do I start
looking this is what you start with okay
but that five minute chart will break
down that range from this high down to
that low into
smaller buy side and sells side
liquidity pools
so what are we seeing here inside this
range primarily it's buy side buy side
okay we have a lower run here below a
wick so that means this is a little bit
more Jagged it's Friday it's been going
down all week so which side is non-farm
payroll most likely not all the time not
a Panacea not a be all in though it's
always going to work this way because
ICT said so is is my protocol this is
what I teach my students that look at
Price like this to anticipate where the
market is likely to go I do the same
thing with PPI and CPI and I sometimes
sometimes and I'm talking about maybe 2%
of the time get it right but 98% of the
time I'm wrong on CPI and PPI numbers
initial delivery like this so I'm trying
to remind you don't think that you're
GNA walk out there like John Wayne and
be like it's over you know the Duke is
here and I own all this stuff now this
is my show there a new sheriff in town
you ain't going to be able to cool that
off okay it's not going to happen
because if it could be done I'd be doing
it and I'm not able to do it because no
one knows what they're going to do with
that information that information may
be technically viewed historically as a
positive but they sink it aggressively
lower and then they'll make the excuse
later on well you know they they they
priced in you should have known better
they didn't have any articles saying
that they were expecting that but
there's always some excuse in the news
feeds that it was priced in Traders
priced in this and come on if it ain't
something you're going to tell me in
advance don't talk about it don't talk
about it okay so
I don't care about what the raw data is
I don't care what the job number is I
don't care how many jobs are are lost or
created I don't care about that stuff
okay because they're all lies anyway
everything about those data points every
single one of them every single one of
them are all fake they're all meant to
stimulate the pockets of investors and
large institutions that's what they're
there for okay so it's like a it's like
an illusion it's a reason for you to
have some other excuse to get in here
and risk more of your money
that's what it is so because I think
about it like that I don't go in with
trying to decipher the fundamental
aspects of it because fundamentals have
left the chat a long long time ago a
long time ago soon as we left the 90s
fundamental analysis is now a joke
because there's so much lies built into
it you can't trust it so it it goes
right back to what I started as a tech
Trader the chart's going to tell you
everything
everything so
if we start looking at that range and we
see there's a buy side here there's a
buy side here in a f- minute chart we
can see how these are
treated in the the the realm of how far
we're going to reach back to that buy
side because we already determined that
that's more likely and you heard me say
that before the non front payad number
releases how we traded that first minor
buy side that's going to give you a clue
okay it trades up to it here and then
watch what it does jams down with that
doing taking out that short-term low but
it is not going below that low here so
as soon as this candle closes
there this one here is the next one that
is considered it trades above it right
back down in and then rips through the
buy side you
cannot trade this on nonr payroll lease
you can't you're not going to get filled
or you're going to get slipped so bad
what is slippage slippage is you trying
to buy it at say8
[Music]
18845 and you get filled at
18862 or higher and but you want to have
a stop loss somewhere down here you now
just were filled at a very unfavorable
place and now your risk is incurred in a
much larger capacity than you initially
wanted to take on if you even get a fill
you may not even get filled I have tried
very very hard to try to uh be a cowboy
in this individual day and you would get
requoted requote requote requote you're
buying you're trying to buy it at the
market buy byy byy by requote requote
they're just keeping you from getting in
that's all that is okay there's a lot of
people out there that want to buy but
the Brokers are stifling that that's why
I as soon as I see somebody out there
they have 50 contracts of uh of gold or
us 500 or us 100 okay and they're
showing they got 50 contracts or 50 Lots
50 Lots 50 and he show little mt4
screenshots and they're putting it up on
the screen and there's a whole wall of
that and it's always after the fact and
they're all up like 12,000 15,000 each
one of
them they did not get filled on that it
did not happen okay I promise you that
did not
happen but they tricked themselves by
doing that because it it it gives them a
dopamine hit and it tells them
subconsciously think about what's going
you've probably done this stuff showing
social media what you did right gambling
without real money behind it and no
logic behind it you want this the
feeling of someone looking up to you so
what are you doing subconsciously you're
you're saying you're a scammer you're a
fraud but I feel good about doing it
because the social media response that's
given me given to me because I I I lay
them breadcrumbs out there what are they
going to do they're going to fluff you
up and that's going to keep you from
doing what the work of actually learning
how to do this it's it's far more easier
for other people to entertain themselves
because they know deep down the side
they're not really trying to learn how
to do this they're not here to learn not
all of you listening are here to learn
you hear something you want to hear
something so you can go on social media
and talk about it and Troll and be funny
but you're still going to work next
Monday you're going there okay maybe
you're working throughout the weekend
with your second job you got to do what
you got to do but I'm trying to teach
you how to avoid having to do that even
if you don't like me you don't have to
like me but just sit down and take notes
because the things that I'm teaching are
going to help you formulate an idea of
how to attack price action and how to
avoid certain instances where everybody
else is going to rush they want to rush
in here and capture these types of
moves I don't need that look what I just
did I don't need this day I don't need
to do that I don't need a day trade I
can swing trade I can position trade and
get an extreme level high and extreme
level low and be content with that and
that could that could have been my
entire trade for the entire week and
never done anything else and that's how
I was trading when I was trading Forex I
would look for those types of setups I
wasn't in there trying to do every
little 15 minute movement I I don't care
about that you can do that if that's
what you want to do you can do that but
that's just not my that's not my cup of
tea I don't like that I want to be an
area where I know I have the largest
magnitude of the move on side that I'm
trading on and it's very forgiving
because that means if I'm used Precision
elements to get me into a trade and I'm
trading at the highest level where this
move can start trading lower from and
I'm going to show you how I did that
okay it allows me to sleep it allows me
to eat when I was younger I couldn't
even eat when I was in a trade my my
stomach would be in a knot like I was in
constant anxiety constant stress heart
rate crazy high like blood pressure I'm
sure was off the chart but I wasn't
looking at those those Biometrics back
then I was just wanting them just to
survive the trade let alone make money I
just want to survive can I just be in
this trade a little bit longer than the
last one that's how it was when I was 20
years old and you probably have that
same feeling right now but what changes
over time is you start figuring out what
is the better setups and you're going to
see that these better setups they're not
an everyday setup they're not an
everyday
circumstance there's one or two maybe
maybe three a week and I'm talking very
few times where a one shot oneill
scenario where you get in that's what
the uh osok is on my title of the video
I just
posted one shot one kill that's a sniper
eism it means they don't have a whole
bag of bullets when they're out in the
field they have a very low amount of
ammunition on them because they have to
crawl around a lot they got to carry
everything with them and they're out
there to take very surgical strikes and
my mindset as a Traer is I don't want to
go out there with a machine gun and just
start spring everything and say okay
what fell what did I get let's go see
who I hit that's not how you want to
trade but everybody does that everybody
that starts out does that the first time
you go on tilt that's exactly what
you're doing you put down your rifle and
you say you know what I need my AK for
this and that's it you just emptied your
magazine and you may not have hit
anything but you wasted everything
that's in your magazine you have no more
ammunition it's gone and now you're
defenseless and then the market rolls
over top you well a snipers mentality is
he or she goes out into the field and
that's the week of the the trading and
you're looking for these very specific
conditions where the mark that is your
setup in price action the thing that
you're going to trade on the things that
make a buy or sell for you that's your
premium Ray that's your little fair
value Gap that's your little scope you
don't care what's going on you don't
care about everybody else walking around
you're there to take out that one
individual Target and that Target is
when price steps into that fair value
Gap as soon as that price hits the
consequent encouragment or starts to
approach it it's in your crosshairs and
you're bullish that means you're going
to do what you're going to take a deep
breath exhale
then you stop you don't inhale you leave
your lungs empty why do snipers and why
do Shooters do that because you're not
moving around and a small little
movement in your scope is a whole lot of
movement down range so you're exhaling
you're relaxing you're not talking while
you're entering the
trade exhale
deep
pause when price enters that fair value
Gap you
fire your stop gets placed below the uh
imbalance candle if it's a bullish for
everybody got or above the high of the
imbalance candle if it's a bearish
got then you relax you don't do anything
you don't want to do anything extra just
sit there you don't go on social media
and say I just bought a sniper does not
announce where they're at they take one
shot and they sit still because they
don't want the enemy to get a vector on
where they're
at and you want me to go out here and
trade oh trade in front of me do your uh
do your $100,000 trade in front of me
and do what let them come for me because
that's exactly what I do everybody would
be doing the same thing I'm doing now
everybody wants to do please let me copy
your trades my question is this if if I
was to do this okay CEOs of all the
funded account companies listen this is
for you okay every single one of you
funded account company CEOs Michael Pak
I don't know the other guys
um what if I created a lottery system
where I took 10 individuals that at in
an anonymous setting because you're not
going to see me ever go into a funded
account company you'll never get my
socials you'll never get my stuff like
that it's never going to happen I would
never allow that to happen but what
happens if I created a secret Lottery
where 10 people get to trade copy a demo
account that I'm running and They're
copying 20 accounts how much time do you
think that your firm would be able to
weather that cuz if I can show that I
can do this just once a week that's $2
million
per that's $20 million a week drained
what happens if I did that with 50 lucky
contestants threee of charge not
charging anything what do you think
would happen to the funded account prop
firm company what you think about that
model you think it think it would hold
up to something like
that do you really you really want me to
do that you would to watched me burn it
all down is that what you really want me
to do
come on
now you have no idea who I am you have
no idea what I'm capable of like you
talk smack all the time you CEOs on
Twitter oh but this guy this guy this
guy can burn your whole [__]
down you don't even know where I'm
coming from you have no idea who I could
bring out there and if you don't pay
them you're getting shut down no one's
going to do business with you so stop
trolling me you put a spotlight on you I
will burn you like the sun stop it it's
not going to get you anything but
trouble everybody like sending me an
email right now please let me be the one
what do I got to do to win it's a Wonka
golden ticket I he's he's gonna train
he's gonna he's gonna let people train C
I would never do that I'm saying
factiously think about it like think
about that I got people in my chat
window all the time or not chat window
but chat section or comment section
saying you can't trade this way you
can't do this you can't do that I
literally gave you the game plan the
this week I gave you the game
plan and I went past my time didn't I
that's because I'm making up for
yesterday's not having a live stream and
I got new glasses and it's awesome I can
see it so we're at the top of that
inefficiency I mentioned over here
earlier right here and then we have
these relative equal highs
here so that would be we'll borrow this
one and just change the name and
logo yeah can you imagine
contracts
with XYZ funded account company all
linked
together that's that's $2 million and
you're telling me let me ask you a
question okay I want to make sure I
understand this correctly
okay however I was to drive it whether I
was using a
proxy someone else you know they're
trading it but they're copying me
technically what you're saying to me if
I understand this correctly is I could
theoretically
have 20 accounts linked to One account
and all I got to do is what I do every
single week anyway and it's not causing
me any kind of extra work but the person
that has the 20 accounts linked together
and I'm doing trades with
$100,000 or I'm clearing 25 to $330,000
per
trade that's just one session that's not
me trading the London session the
morning session in New York that's not
me trading London clothes that's not me
trading the London lunch that's not me
trading the afternoon lunch in New York
that's not me trading the afternoon
session and PM session that's not mean
just trading the last trading
hour that's not me trading Asia just to
throw a little bit more Spice in it
you're telling me that I could literally
go out there and drain these prop firms
for8 to10
million every 10
days every 10 days and you think that
they're going to keep paying that
out man I'm
enticed I'm I'm in I'm I'm genuinely if
I understand that correct if if that's
what you're telling me if that's what
you're telling me that I could do
theoretically because I got the numbers
I can pull it I can do that but you're
telling me that I could theoretically
allow someone
else to copy an account that I'm
driving you won't know it's me but this
person whoever that might be could be a
cousin could be a high school friend of
mine could be any one of you
listening they could be in a position
where they are able to say I want my I
want my money now in 10 days I can make
someone a multi-millionaire is that what
you're telling me
leave a comment in the section if I if I
have that figured out the the correct
way if that's what you're telling
me I absolutely are inviting any CEO of
a prop firm to email me at innercircle
Trader gmail.com because I want you to
confirm what I just said if that's what
my understanding is if it's
correct oh it's
coming oh it's
coming it is coming I don't have to do
it long in one month I can make I can
make multi-million millionaire and that
that tax treatment is way better than
trading with with live funds it's not
the same it is not the
same
so okay okay ICT has entered the chat
with prop firm stuff I'm not g to sign
up I'm not personally going to do that
I'm not going to give you my social I'm
not going to give you all those things
like that no but I can create a proxy
how are you gonna how are you going to
know who I'm putting in there you won't
you'll know by the numbers
and I don't want anything for it I don't
want nothing for it I just want to sit
back and watch
it I want watch
it I would have love it I'll go back to
Twitter after
that oh man you're going to
burn troll me
[__] oh it's good it's so
delicious oh man can you tell Miss
yesterday can you tell yeah I know you
can but
anyway prop like all right look we got
to start looking for anybody that's
trading 15 contracts star with six if
they start with six contracts and they
go in four ban them we got to keep
anything from everything's got to just
keep them from getting their pay
out disconnect disrupt their
connection ICT you broke everything
you're a jerk that's what would you
that's all you would all say
that one of them's calling me right now
come on right now you're killing my
business don't call me when I'm live
streaming so
anyway we're a couple minutes away from
the opening let's watch the first couple
minutes of the opening
bell and then uh I'll review the uh the
trade I did and then we'll close it and
go into the
weekend please ICT let me be the
one all right so what we
have and again this is what I was saying
to you many times before and it's
repetitive I know
but I don't personally like to have
these things on my chart because this is
the busiest my charts have ever looked
and it's because I have to show you as
as students what I have written down on
my notepad for instance when I was
mentioning this over here real time
looking at it
I'm I'm going to my
pad this is my notepad just a simple
little yellow
notepad you can buy them from
uh where did I get mine from
Costco and you get like 12 of them in a
bundle and they're about uh I don't know
5 by9 something like that and I simply
just write down key levels and what I do
is I look at the previous day's High and
the previous day's low and then and I
layer every level that's pertinent to
that range and just below it or just
above it and I have it in raw numerical
format just like that but as soon as I
mention this
here I'm scribbling in my observations
on that level what time frame I noticed
on okay and then what I'm constantly
doing is I'm looking at price over here
I'm watching this over here this raw
number more than I'm watching in the
chart over here the chart is the
language that you're learning from me
talking about what price should do I'm
not going to be able to bridge the gap
by teaching you how to trade price
without a chart I I I can't do that I
don't know how to do that I don't know
how to articulate that in a way where
it's going to be understandable but
that's essentially what I'm doing when
I'm looking at Price action I'm showing
you things that form in in price around
the same time around the same
price that these other things occur
algorithmically so when they agree you
should arrive at that assumption about
what price should do or how it should
behave or how you should observe it at
that moment at any given time frame okay
so that's the
uh that's the exchange of information
and the language that I use by doing so
I'm more concerned about what price is
doing at what time and every time it's
fluctuating up and down in relationship
to these raw numbers on the same price
AIS I don't need any of this stuff over
here this just affords me a way to
communicate and talk to you that way you
can see things that may may or may not
repeat so because it's Friday I'd like
to see it run up in here and take that
by side it doesn't need to do it right
out the gate but that's something that
uh is
reasonable and then you have this
inefficiency down here where the uh
consequent coach of that August
13th daily fair value got which we're
going to look at in just two or three
more
minutes man I bet you social media is
buzzing right now ICT is going to let
other people copy his account and then
they're going to sell
that they're going to have a business
for two three weeks okay I'm selling
seats okay it's $3,000 $5,000 it's
$10,000 if you want to copy ICT you
can't tell anybody and it'll be in my
email box
[Laughter]
immediately are you looking I'm looking
to Nar this guy okay he's doing this
he's doing that
right oh
man I'm not using your cup today it was
a rush to get out there and grab a
bottle of water so sorry
Daniel I've used it by the pool side the
other day though the uh he sent me a a
Yeti mug in the mail cuz he hears me
[__] about how this crackling bottle of
water always makes a a sound in my
recordings all right so anyway we went
through the business of picking out why
that buy side is here and we've opened
up and let's look at the opening
range all right so we have a little bit
of an opening range Gap still
here um let's B that line that works out
pretty good doesn't it that's convenient
let's put it right on the
close so we're showing the previous
close and that's not actually right
let's go into one sure
sorry you anchor on your one minute
chart and your opening price on your
first print at 930 so you have a little
bit of portion of it opened up
here so it tried to tried to get up in
there wait from the open but left this
little portion open here watch this low
and we're back inside of
I think it's September
4th first the got or was that third I
can't remember now I The annotation
off electron trading
hours all right so we're inside this
little tiny inefficiency
here
and previous settlement is up here
[Music]
these live streams are so much
fun should have been doing it sooner ICT
no never got anything
done all right so I can take this one
off we don't need that anymore we don't
need this
anymore we don't need that by side
anymore
we don't need the miners anymore here oh
actually we do I didn't drop down to
when I was talking about the
minor um 5 minute Buy cell Equity
pull and sell cell Equity pools you can
see how when we drop down to the one
minute time frame which is I like using
the one minute because it's very
very detail oriented okay think about
like uh remember when uh remember when
Bob Ross the afro white guy that would
do his oil painting and whatnot he would
talk to you real mellow put you to sleep
be like you're at Edible and you're just
chilling out watching this guy paint
well you're looking at this uh this time
frame your 15 your daily chart is like a
paint roller okay it's applying a lot of
paint a lot of price
action your 15 man time frame is like
your you know your 2 and a half inch or
2 inch U paintbrush it's it's not as
wide as a a paint roller but it's it's
not a fine tipped brush then you have an
inch brush on your five minute chart and
then you have that really small detail
oriented paintbrush for the one minute
really really fine you little etching
here little line work here in your
painting that's what the one minute
chart does it fors you to get down to
the nooks and crannies of the fine
detail of price delivery so if I'm
looking at that same level here that was
arrived at on the five minute chart with
these relative equal highs when price
ran through that let's look at it in
contrast on the five minute chart real
quick here it goes it it rips through it
one single time on that one candle right
there you see that let me me widen it up
a little
bit so you you don't really have a
chance to see much in this one single
Candlestick unless you're watching the
fluctuations of price over here which is
what I'm primarily doing when I'm
watching
price
here let me let me say it this way don't
try to do this part what I'm trying to
describe to you what I'm doing that is
me having more insight than you have and
I'm not going to teach all that you are
properly learning how to do this by
watching what price is doing because
there are times as I indicated many
times before where prices is using my PD
arrays and if you have a bias that's
bullish or bearish you're going to have
the next best thing to what I see that
can't I can't teach you and there's no
other way for me to say it than just
that okay my students are making money
with it they're learning how to do it
consistently if they're not trading with
real money yet or funded account
companies that ask them now getting
profits out of it they're all graduating
in their understanding and being able to
read this stuff real time and it's based
on the stuff I'm teaching but this five
minute Candlestick only has this one
single range here when it crosses above
that that level here but watch what
happens when we go back into the one
minute
chart this Candlestick does that
business of wicking around but look what
happens next we open we trade right back
down to that buy side level over
here right in
here using
it using
it and then comes back to the order
block right there now you are
not you're not going to get that fill
right
there because they may not have opened
up trading for you on your brokerage
firm I experienced this before I
experienced it when I was trading Forex
I experienced it with fxcm I experienced
it with
uh well I'm not going to sit here and
name Brokers because it's sound like I'm
advertising but fxm is trash uh to say
in case you're wondering if that's a
good proker it's trash fxm was trash I
didn't like them when I used them
and uh I'm glad they got kicked out of
the US boom there you go I said it again
but you won't you won't get these types
of fills now if this was like 20 like 20
minutes after non-front payroll releases
and you see it trade back down something
like that then yeah you can get you can
get filled plus the tick so this opening
price here plus one tick you had a limit
you're going to get filled on that but
you're not going to get filled on
nonfarm payroll the first 3 minutes or
so just just expect that it ain't going
to happen so what that does is it
completely removes the necessity for you
to feel like you got to be a part of it
so what do you what do you do then take
a step back and then read what it's
telling us what's what's price trying to
indicate to us it defended initially
what the cell side it's more likely it's
going to draw up into take out buy side
okay but it left the cell side so it is
for me for my personal taste I wouldn't
want to take a short
reaching for the cell side on that
15minute time
frame allergies are kicking in So Below
these lows
here that sell side hasn't been engaged
yet I'm personally I'm not interested in
taking that trade because what I had set
up for as a downside objective was
already arrived at and you saw me
execute on
that so when that daily favor I got low
was traded to I'm no longer interested
in being a participant in this weekly
candle
I'm done my it expired for me I'll miss
moves if it keeps going lower that's
okay I look look if you aren't content
with finding setups that could yield you
100,000 in one entry you're never going
to be satisfied you have to be satisfied
with getting five Handles in the S&P
consistently you got to be content with
getting 10 to 15 Handles in the NASDAQ
consistently you have to start there if
you can't start there and Bloom where
you're planted you're never going to
make these big sizable gains that you're
trying to make or aspire to you have to
have very small little modular goals in
the beginning and that's good to have
them very very small humbling Beginnings
like you want to have a humble beginning
when you start this if you start off
right out the gate with you know
everything's got to be a dopamine hit
you're increasing the difficulty level
beyond all measure like you can't even
imagine how hard it's going to be for
you until you start realizing it doing
it
so let's go into
uh what we going to do here let's go
into I'm in one minute
chart I'm trying to think I gotta I want
to show it to you with a naked
chart and I'm running the risk of
getting rid of all the
annotations so let's do it like this
let's go
uh scorched
Earth okay so we are looking at Price
action negative I mean not naked
naked and if we look at
um this indicator is just this right
here hide
that thank you again flux but the
uh daily chart let's go to a daily chart
and we'll flesh out with good old ICT
got lucky with apparently I was running
recordings on 15 different laptops which
I don't own 15
laptops I'm run I'm recording multiple
screens but I got lucky to get in at the
high and out at the low that's that's
that's impressive all right
so if you recall what I outlined
on the daily chart for NQ last week and
going into this week you'll see that in
the live streams you'll see that also in
the
markups in the uh the screenshots that I
was teaching Caleb to do if you watch it
on his channel his channel
is official Caleb hudston all together
make sure you're spelling it correctly
because there's people out there using
uh
lowercase letters and uppercase letters
to trick you into thinking that's what
it is it's he's got over 20 some
thousand followers as it right now but
again the easiest way to do it is go on
my community tab on my YouTube channel
and you'll see me actually linking and
posting the videos that are being hosted
on his channel okay
and I'll flesh this out real quick for
you
again so that way you can see it I
mentioned how we
were likely to trade down into
this fair value gap for the week that
that's what I wanted to see happen this
week okay so because we have
that let's do it this way
you want to annotate that level because
it's going to give you your price level
over here on the on the price
axis and we will do it like
this and then the same thing hold down
control drag it up and you can get that
so that way we're highlighting this
Candlestick on August 14th Wednesday
2024 that candle's low and the high on
Candlestick of August 12th it's a Monday
so that high and this candle's low and
this one single candle see this right
here that little fluctuation between
this candle's high and that fing candles
low that area right there that is a fair
value Gap it's a buy side IM balance
sell side inefficiency that means for
the market to efficiently deliver fair
value
pricing it's one of those textbooks
definitions right Hannah
this bid Val CID efficiency is lacking
what efficient delivery on the downside
that means sell-side
delivery okay so for every range that
goes
up an efficient delivery model is the
price has to be offered going back down
the same
range that's what a fair value Gap is
okay anybody tells you anything other
than that they're they're literally
making stuff up they have no idea what
they're talking about they're certainly
not going to execute like you're seeing
me execute or Define it beforehand
they'll always talk about it after was
already figure about you got this one
here was outlined to you in advance and
I told you that I was looking for that
as a downside objective this week notice
what goes
on beyond that candlestick's high to the
left look look over to the left what do
you see well the the first candle is
this one here the body and that so you
have a volume of balance down here so
let's play devil's advocate for a
second if price wants to go lower maybe
it goes lower today I won't be on board
with it I'm done when I'm done this live
stream I don't have to edit anything I
love live live streaming for that reason
because it is what it is what I said I
said I don't have to go in and edit like
it it took a lot for me to edit that 18
hours of uh recorded session to get it
down to a time limit so that way it's
palatable I'm not going to try to take
any more trades today I'm going to relax
I'm going to do things around the house
this volume IM balance would be the
next draw on liquidity that goes below
the consequent correction of this Wick
so you would Define the range like this
let
me make it a little bigger like
that so while where we're at right now
in price we're up
here half of that Wick that's consequent
encroachment look how close we got to
it the volume imbalance down here is the
next
[Music]
one I started with my allergies
yesterday and all this
laughing the uh it's stirred up even
more so I'm a little congested but then
uh you have this Wick you would do the
same thing and that basically lays
inside of this volume in balance and
then the same thing here and the same
thing with these Wicks all these
discount Wicks you want to annotate
those those are levels that I'm going to
have on my notepad should we get
below this on a closing basis this being
this candlestick's High which forms this
fair value
Gap so as we start to trade down this is
a lot of balanced price range
what makes it balanc price range it's
offering sells side delivery it means
any movement like when it drops like
this this is sell-side delivery this
candlestick's close up is buy side
delivery it just simply means that the
market has gone up or
down it's going up to go into
inefficiencies above market price or
it's going up to take out buy side
liquidity it means buy stops or trigger
pending orders to buy on a stop for a
new position or to trigger buy stops
that are protecting hypothetically any
short position it drops to go down to in
an inefficiency below market price it's
like a fair V or something like that or
opening range Gap something to that uh
degree or it goes below old lows for
sell
stops either it puts a Trader in short
on a breakout going lower or it protects
long positions hypothetically okay so
that's the only two mechanisms that
causes price to go up or down there's
nothing else there's literally nothing
else that's going on when they reprice
manual intervention they're still taking
it to price levels that I just defined
but just going to do it farther outside
the extreme normal range they're doing
it quicker like that and you don't many
times get a chance to participate in
those types of moves and that's okay you
don't need them you don't need those
types of moves there's plenty of other
stuff out there to trade
so I demystified everything again for
you price only goes up for
inefficiencies or Bell liquidity or it
goes down for inefficiencies or for sell
stops that's it there's no other reason
for price to go up and down the buying
and selling
pressure okay very interesting uh
study for those that are really trying
to debunk the algorithm okay there is no
algorithm I'm out here to refute the ICT
clean
okay do a real in-depth
study on the
volume how many contracts it took for
price to
move every single intraday price move
the largest one in the session like in
the morning do it in the afternoon okay
and see how many handles price has
Traverse to do
that as soon as you start seeing how
much it will move and there's this wide
disparity amount how many contracts it
takes when I was being interviewed by
corbs he's the only one I ever sat down
did it face to face with the uh the
question I asked him was um you how many
how many contracts does it take to uh
cause price to go
up well just one right
right what happens
when price has a
goal it's being inspired uh let's say it
that way to get to a particular price
level it will
skip it'll create these little these
little gaps okay and these gaps are what
we are targeting these little
inefficiencies because if we're aiming
for like I outlined this week I'm me
take all this stuff
off just know that we have a lot of
things to factor in here if we go lower
it's going to be potentially spotty
because then we have all this back and
forth in here so it's going to take a
real move to get through all this mess
here we have volume imbalances like this
is a mess like this is a lot of sloppy
stuff in here the cleanest price
delivery was moving from here down into
this inefficiency that's why I said this
is the this is ends it for me I'm done
for the week if it touches this level
here which is where you saw my cover on
my
short that it that's it for me because
then what has happened is to expecting
lower prices I'm going to have to
weather through all these questionable
levels can it go down there and smash
right through it absolutely it can is it
likely to do that no so am I trading
with high probability if I'm holding on
to my short if I would have held on to
my short I would have been nervous with
the nonr payroll release I would have
been nervous after 9:30 opening because
I have all these other factors to start
weighing out okay should I hold on my
trade should I not versus I know what I
was looking for in the commentary and
the analysis for this week we were
already eyeballing this okay the low end
of it that's the best
Target that's the
best so I have my limit order to get
that knowing that because it's Friday
it's non from payroll it's going to be
probably a little bit more
animated it may color outside the lines
and go just below that that
candlestick's high so that was me
finessing you can see me in the video
adjusting my limit order because I want
to make sure I get the best best
factoring the spread okay my original
profit objective would have made me a
couple hundred dollars more but I wanted
to make sure that the spread touching
this candlesticks High when it trades
down there I want to be executed I want
to get those 14 contracts off so if
those 14 contracts get peeled
off I have to have a price level with
that limit order to cover that short
position that will afford me the
opportunity to see 14 contracts clear
just because it touches this level down
here doesn't mean like say in say for
instance say you to a point where you're
trading with 100 contracts you have 100
cars on this
run if you're using a limit order you
may not get them all
off it might just say no you it can't
fill
you you you want these 50 off at that
price I can't fill you there isn't
enough buyers on the other side at that
price at that given instant that they're
going to pair you with boom there it is
it's
done so you don't get those exits and
then if it starts to retrace against you
like we've seen this morning that's a
little disenchanting it's not fun I
don't like those types of instances so
there are times where it Demands a
little bit more humble exits you have to
be willing to say okay I believe it's
going to touch this candlesticks high as
it's dropping
down but I want to make sure I get out
like I want to get paid I want my
execution I don't want my funded account
challenge or my funded account or my
Live account or whatever it is that you
may be using in trading I want to make
sure that I get out just touching the
level is not enough but what you want to
start doing is is building in this this
mindset where you will expect that level
of precision but you don't need that
level of precision to be
extremely profitable with your exits you
know what I'm saying so in other words
say whatever that price is in this case
it's
uh the high that candle watch this up
here upper left hand
corner
point2 so what what's wrong with trying
to get out at
18,
770 oh that's not precise that's not
Precision why you're telling me that if
you were
short and you had an open unrealized
profit of say 50 handles okay not like
when I did 300 almost 360
handles how about
that
18770 again Watch that price
here you're not getting 765 and a
quarter with your exit not while you're
trying to groom yourself into seeing
these things pan out consistently you
want to be able to afford yourself an
exit so you expect to touch that level
with price and that's your moral Victory
that's your that's your trophy and
that's what you put in your Journal I'm
pleased I'm excited I was so stoked to
see price trade down to that level it
was amazing to see it drop down there
and hit that perfectly and you note the
time and you put the little screenshot
and you say this is this is what it
feels like for we holding on to a trade
and pants out like this but I'm happy
and I'm comfortable
that I don't need to have that level of
precision for exits I'm growing in my
Precision so in this case instead of
getting 18, 765 and a quarter as your
limit would have to be
18765 that is not much wiggle room that
is and that's that's not a lot like you
you could very easily not get filled if
it stops dead on its delivery at uh 765
and a quarter how many cont contracts
are going to be traded at that
price with one tick variance right so if
you went into it with the 18770
level did that just drop a level on
there here it
[Music]
is see this is your price that you're
trying to
get like you can you can't even barely
see it right it's not much of a
difference
look and you're going to argue say
that's not precise
enough come
on you have to you have to
trade with the the expectation that
you're trying to get filled too so it's
a management of all these concerns and
expectations but your expectation for
precision and
Perfection that needs to be relegated to
your Journal cheerlead yourself there
but in your trading you have to afford
yourself a common sense exit strategy
okay it's a low hanging fruit threshold
where you're not demanding that your
exits are the best of the best of the
best I've I've missed out on some
amazing exits and I've missed out on
some amazing like like the top tick or
the bottom tick of moves I've I've had
them in my grasp but the spread denied
me it it's
it's exciting it's exhilarating seeing
it happen like that I'm like man I had
it pegged but the fill wasn't there so
yeah I can feel great that I had it
dialed in but I didn't execute properly
so I have to keep myself grounded with
my ego and say you're good kid but
you're not that good so and just allow
yourself to operate in the market with
your orders that will afford you the
luxuries of getting in and getting out
you're going to have a whole lot more
liquidity from 770 down to 765 and a qu
there's lots of prices in between there
lots of individual tick fluctuations and
every one little minor little
fluctuation is an opportunity for an
exchange and pairing of orders for
buyers and sellers to meet and you want
to afford yourself an ample supply of
that when you're trying to exit and just
yield yourself to yeah it went through I
want where I wanted it to go and I'm
happy with that but I don't need that
hopefully that makes sense I've answered
a dozen of individuals that left
comments around struggling with exits
and how to pick the right price and all
that because they're trying to impress
me and they're trying to impress
themselves knowing where it's going to
go to with the Perfection that is just
for you to feel good that's not how
you're going to execute if you try to do
that you're going to miss entries you're
going to miss exits and or hold on to
them because you want them to hit that
level with your exit and then the price
could be returning against you and you
are more fixed on the out out come being
perfect versus recognizing that you're
in a trade now that's turned around on
you and you you've married the vein okay
gold miners used to have the expression
you so and so's married the VIN in
words the location that's been mined for
gold it's dried up now it's no more gold
there but because he's found one little
nugget there he's married the vain he
thinks it's it's it's going to be
nothing but more gold so he spends his
time constantly digging and panhandling
through there getting nothing but wasted
time so
you can do that with your winning trades
you can turn a a really good trade into
something
that's you dog M really so we're
below I just want to put these on here
before I leave this time frame
[Music]
I hope what I'm saying is encouraging
and and and not discouraging you then I
know sometimes you you want to be like
a an
X-Man and remember Deadpool wasn't an
X-Men spirit animal all right so
anyway that's that's the levels I I'm uh
using going forward so we'll we'll keep
those in in mind but this fair value Gap
is what I was mentioning this week is
that was all I was looking for me
personally as the trader ICT I'm not I'm
not interested needing it to go lower
than that can it absolutely can but I
don't personally need that so where do I
want to engage I want to engage in
anything that gets me short so how can I
do that how can I frame a short in a
market that has had this big colossal
slide down where I had some of the back
the back end of that move but I didn't
get the the first part of it there
because it's coming on the heels of what
a holiday so I'm going to let let the
morning session trade without me and at
1:30 p.m. that means the L uh the not
the London the New York hour lunch which
is technically two hours 11:30 to 1:30
in that time frame that is when the
lunch macro whatever has happened in the
morning session during those two hours
there's always some kind of retracement
against whatever's already happened in
the morning that is all the lunch macro
is that's it it's all it is it just
retraces on orders that would be trailed
up if it's been going higher or if it's
been going lower in price they Trail the
stop losses lower to lock in their
profits during 11:30 to 1:30 they're
very very specific times don't take my
word for it I want you to go back and
every single time you log intr day price
action
make a vertical line at 11:30 and a
vertical line at 1:30 and then watch
what price is doing in those two hours
it does it so frequently that that could
be your model that that could be your
thing like you don't even trade don't
even worry about trading open who cares
about that whatever somebody's been
doing they were smart they did something
right they were they were long in the
initial run of the move or they were
short in initial run of the move during
that 11:30 to 12:30 I'm sorry 11:30 to
1:30 p.m. Eastern stand time that means
always have your time on trading view
set to New York if you're using your
local time you're doing it wrong I don't
care who tells you what I don't care
where you live I don't care you're not
following what the algorithm is going to
do you're not following the logic I'm
teaching with and you're not going to be
successful because you're doing things
wrong okay so you have to always have
your charts set to New York local time
and at at 11:30 and 1:30 that defines
your lunch macro time but at the end of
that at 1 :30 p.m. Eastern Standard Time
that starts the afternoon session so
that's your first 30 minutes leading up
to 2 o'clock in that first 30
minutes you're going to see fair value
gaps form you're going to see other PDA
don't think that my fair value Gap in
the first 30 minutes of 9:30 to 10 o'
like that's the only one trick ponying
every single one of my PD arrays exist
in that same element too remember I'm
just teaching ing one principle one
little
component breaker blocks vacuum blocks
propulsion
blocks institutional order flow in drill
technically it's still kind of fair B
Gap
um every PD
array is in there volume and
balance if it forms the first one it's
the same
premise oh oh explosion of opportunities
just came in didn't it see you think
it's just a one trick pony around here
honey listen to me I have an
Arsenal I have stuff nobody's seen
before but you are selling yourself
short thinking that you don't have
enough already like you have more than
you would ever need I don't never need
to do anything else ever again talking
about none of this you have more than
enough but I know how it is you want
more and I have I I love I love sharing
I love Shar I love my wife more her name
ain't Sharon but I love Sharon and I
love the feedback that I get when people
are like wow I used this and I went
right out there and I saw in price
action and look what I just did I tape
read this and boom bo boom and there it
is what I don't want you doing and this
is what I'm seeing in the comment
section there's one individual that's
saying I I hurt myself I made $1,500 and
then I lost $1,000 and the next day and
please encourage me every video I'm
encouraging you I'm encouraging all of
you to follow the rules if you're taking
what I'm doing in a lecture okay I mean
this if you're taking what I'm teaching
in a lecture that given day or the very
next day and you're trying to go out
there and trade with it with your real
money with your funded account challenge
or your funded
account you are doing it
wrong I know the the Tendencies for you
to want to go out there and prove that
it's going to make you money if it does
man you're going to be ICT for life
I don't want you ICT for life I want you
Incorporated for life why ow you
incorporate you the Enterprise this this
conglomerate that you're building you as
a success story I want you to be that
for life I don't want you team ICT team
ICT is nothing there's no ICT team I'm a
oneman army I'm training you all to be a
one one man or woman Army that's it you
don't need anybody else you don't need
to plug in anybody else you need other
kind of resources you are capable of
doing everything by yourself once you
learn this stuff no one can take it from
you and they can't they can't discount
it who's going to say you can't do what
I'm doing or more than I'm showing
nobody just
you but stop trying to go out there and
try to use it right away you haven't
spent enough time listen we we just
started doing mentorship it's only been
a month and some of you think that
that's well you're too long in it now
man I I should already be out there
trading with it that's a moronic
perspective that's dollar menu
mentorship Mentor advice I'm not telling
you to do that I'm not telling you to do
that at all I'm telling you to do the
opposite sit
still you shouldn't even be taking any
trades with real money this year this
year that's the reality and if you don't
like that don't watch my videos I mean
that because I don't like when you leave
comments and I'm not getting a lot of
them but I'm getting
them I try to use this and I lost money
can you tell me what I did wrong you
started using it before you understood
how to use
it just like I did when I bought my uh
ZX14 in 2008 that was the fastest
motorcycle fastest one I've never owned
a motorcycle before midlife crisis I'm
35 years old hey you know what I need to
do I need a I need a rocket I got
everything else I need I don't need
anything else but you know what I need I
need a
rocket so I bought it and a year later
on March 9th 2009 at 1 o'clock in the
afternoon I should have died and now my
body hurts every single day because I
did something impulsively
recklessly buying and operating
something that I didn't have I didn't
have the skill set to do that and you
don't have the skill set to use this
information yet with real money with
real risk you don't have that
experience and I didn't want to pull up
the next at a light and say dude 600
look at you I didn't want that feeling
so I told myself I'll be responsible I
won't drive it
fast deep down the side I couldn't wait
to go 200 M hour couldn't wait right so
and it wasn't but 3 weeks later I'm
doing 155 miles an hour on palaski
highway way in front of Oak Grove
Liquors going north uh to uh abine area
going that direction away from the city
basically in Baltimore 155 mph in an
area where there's multiple
intersections people don't even stop at
the stop sign and I was chasing after a
pony boy in a Mustang that was
encouraging me and that was Satan I knew
that was he was trying to get me a Chase
and I did I was right on this bumper
then all of a sudden reality hit
me I started feeling like my stop loss
is about to get ran and my body started
shaking and I realized that if this guy
was suicidal or nuts and he slams his
brakes and Brake checks me I'm dead and
then if that wasn't enough they're doing
construction down the road in front of
me and all the cones that are luring us
over to the left hand lane all this is
happening instantly I'm getting all this
Rush of information inside of a window
of visibility of five in if you ever
been over 10 and some M hour on a a
motorcycle you get this tunnel
vision and it's exciting it's
exhilarating but you can only see about
5 in in diameter if you hold your hands
out in front of you and connect your
thumb tips together and your index
fingers and try to make that In Like A
Perfect Circle at your arms length
that's all you see when you're going
real fast on a motorcycle everything
else is like warp speed
blur and it's weird like you can watch
these guys on YouTube and they're going
real fast and you you see everything
it's like wow this is this is great
that's what I did but it's all together
something different the first time you
experience that warp speed tunnel vision
it is scary like it's very very scary
and the only thing I could see in that
little tiny little diameter was this
young boy looking in the rearview mirror
giving me the Hang Loose shaking his
thumb and Pinky at me like yeah yeah
yeah go go
go and I started
panicking I literally had a panic attack
on the motorcycle I was literally
gripping this thing I pulled a Gro
muscle nearly just trying to keep myself
holding on to this motorcycle but I
didn't want to look weak in front of him
I didn't want to look like I didn't know
what I was doing but I was scared to
death and I started realizing I'm so
fast you just can't stop a motorcycle
like you have to learn how to navigate
around things because stopping is not
always the best solution because you
just can't stop you don't have enough
weight to bring you to a stop so all
these things came up in my mind and
you're probably thinking what's this got
to do with trading it has everything to
do with what you're doing wrong I should
have never been been in that situation
three months or sorry three weeks after
buying the
ZX14 Ninja Kawasaki Ninja in 2008 3
weeks after buying my first
motorcycle I'm at 155 miles an hour
ready to become a statistic
stupidly chasing after something that
was all wrong what was I doing there I
was looking at an influencer on the road
just like you're watching influencers
like me and other people on the internet
wow that Mustang boy thinks he's fast
watch this I'm going to go smoke
him I'm doing everything for the wrong
reasons and I'm opening myself for risk
he's not at risk he's inside of his car
safe he's got better brakes he has the
ability to stop better than I do and I'm
literally one front wheel width away
from his bumper staring at him in his
rearview mirror through his back
window with no skill I have zero skill
none at the time
none thank God he struck me with fear
because I was literally okay I'm coming
off the acceleration and I
literally wanted to throw up like I was
scared like I was genuinely scared to
death because I was being piped into one
lane and the lanes were already stacking
up ahead of him and I'm I don't have
much time to bring myself down and speed
downshift downshift downshift and I get
up to the light and of course you know
me I'm a
man he pulls up next to me he's looking
at me yeah yeah yeah roll his went down
and I'm I got my visor down he can't see
me I'm panting and I'm shaking so what I
do I do the old cool biker lean I put my
hands on my leg and put my hands on the
tank and I'm pressing my arms down on
the tank because I don't want anybody
seeing I'm
shaking I'm scared to death I'm I'm I'm
hopped up on goofballs adrenaline and
fear and I'm thanking the good Lord that
I did not become a pink Mist I would
have came apart at that speed it would
have been a closed
coffin and my
uncle who was like my big
brother September 4th 1979 at noon that
day he took me for a ride on his
motorcycle I could still smell his sweat
on the back of his T-shirt holding on to
him that was the coolest moment ever and
12 hours later he died on that same not
just a quarter mile from where I was at
at that moment and it all hit me at that
time and I was like okay I can't even
take it anymore I got to I'm going to
turn right and I'll go down middle of a
road I'll go I'll go that direction I
just got to get off this
highway and I literally took my ass home
and I sat there and I thought to myself
man I could have died doing something
stupid I could have done something
really really dumb and here's the
thing I survived that I knew better not
to do it again but a year later my first
ride to the spring March 9th 2009 it's a
good day out here I'm going to go take
my bike out let it run for 20 minutes
it's been sitting get out there boom
open it
upam and an old guy comes in and puts me
into a
curb and I fly 50 m hour over the
handlebars 85 ft in the air lay on my
head break my clavicle two places break
three ribs detach my scapula Crush all
of my mullers in my mouth all of my
mullers all my chewing teeth are
crushed I should have been dead and I
have spinal injuries as a result of that
I didn't learn my
lesson I was given Grace I didn't learn
my lesson I didn't learn my lesson I
figured I've been driving for a year now
I've been riding for a year now I
haven't really been ridden for for a
year but I allowed my impulses because I
saw other people ring around that day I
was like you know what I want to I'm
going to take my bike out and I was
influenced by other people that are
doing things recklessly
too and that's exactly what you're doing
when you watch my content or anybody
else's content you're thinking I want to
do what they're doing I want to have
that same fun wow that must be that it
must be really cool they're trading with
208 accounts they got $10,000 payout
they got this they got that I should
just did $100,000 trade over here what
if I did that with 20 accounts I could
be this
don't let me influence you like
that do not let me influence you like
that that's not what I'm here
for I'm here to remind you what's
possible but you're going to work your
ass off and get to that level and
there's no reason to take stupid high
level
risks I would have left my family
behind the year before but thankfully
God said
no and because I didn't listen he didn't
give me anxiety on that second ride he
let me have all of it up to the point of
almost death and he has I still to this
day every spring I see other Mists out
there and I always have the itch like I
think myself I can get one I'll just get
me a I'll get me one of the Cruisers and
as soon as I start feeling that way boom
my back goes into major spasms and I
have it for weeks that's the Lord
telling me you're stupid you're being
stupid right now how many times I gota I
got keep you from doing
this that's a natural human tendency
don't walk on the grass I'm Moon walking
on it that's what we do as humans we do
everything we're not supposed to do
that's why everybody fails in this
industry because it's so hard to keep
control over yourself and then you have
social media people like me and other
people out there that are telling people
what they do what they can learn from
you whatever do not let me influence you
to do things ahead of schedule that's
why I tell you all the time take your
time there's no rush these markets are
still going to be traded in 6 months
from now just relax if you don't give
yourself the ability to to see it
properly you might become that pink mist
and you're
gone what can you do about it then
nothing you've wrecked yourself you lost
more money you'll never probably want to
trade ever again because you did it
wrong but you'll think that this stuff
doesn't work and that's exactly what
these people do on the internet they
tried to do something quick with it or
they thought it was going to be one two
three watch a video in 5 minutes oh
works because I can prove it in 5
minutes
no it doesn't work like
that so my encouragement to you young
man is stop trying to use it right away
you don't know what you're doing just
like I didn't know how to use all that
speed and Power in 2008 and in 2009 and
ultimately it could have ended me so
while I still love
bikes I love them I can't buy one and I
can't ride one because I'm a afraid that
I won't have the outcome that still
keeps me here and I live with pain
chronically every single day because I
did not listen to good Common Sense the
year before I should have got rid of the
bike because I wasn't able to compose
myself and be responsible as a rider I
was literally you know a squid I was out
there with not the proper equipment
speeding around with no skill doing dumb
stuff and I watch kids every single week
in our area end up on the news because
they do that same stuff they're
influenced by their friends and people
online or whatever and they buy bikes
they can't they can't handle it and what
you're learning from me is faster and
powerful than that zx15 was faster than
Hayabusa faster than all that stuff this
stuff is rocket science and you're out
there trying to treat it like it's
Checkers oh I'm going to go out here
it's all I gotta do is this this this
and I'm no you have no idea and that's
why I teach the way I do
my concepts are amazing they're perfect
they're the market but if you don't have
the right mindset or control over
yourself you'll hurt
yourself and I'm ICT and I just told you
something about my personal life that as
a human
being I abandon the rules that I live
by I saw something I was influenced by
other people I want that bike and I went
to the shop and said what's the fastest
bike right now that's what I asked for I
didn't say uh can you give me something
as a new writer that was not what I
asked for I want the fastest what every
body wants right now that's the bike I
want and I walked out it with cash boom
and I drove it home brand new tire
listen for people that ride bikes you
know how stupid this was I didn't leave
it there and pick it up the next day
because it was thunderstorming and I
drove it home in the rain and I had
people laying on their horns behind me
because I knew the wrong little movement
I'm probably G to go down with this
thing because brand new tires are too
smooth and you're you're going to hide
your plane real easy and I drove home in
the thunderstorm with probably a mile of
cars behind me some of them went around
me and beat the horn almost cut me off
this just to me out that mad at me but I
was doing everything wrong about being a
biker everything wrong I checked every
box now I live with
pain you can hurt yourself financially
beyond your comprehension if you do
things wrong you could owe you could owe
more money than you have trading in
environments like a CPI or PPI say
you're ahead of it and you don't know
that it's coming out in the marketplace
and you're short and then they they
reprice it hundreds of handles against
you you're not getting filled even if
you had a stop loss now you owe the
broker more money than you have in the
account than you have in your bank
account then you're going to earn in the
next couple months if you had no bills
you see what I'm trying to do I'm trying
to prevent all those types of
things so while I may be a character
that people like to take shots at and I
love it
but I'm also trying to be a voice of
reason because you literally need to
learn this the proper way and it needs
to be at a slow pace because if you
think that you're going to watch a video
and figure oh this is I know what I'm
doing here and then you go out there and
try it with real money and you don't
know everything about what you're doing
and how you think you might add to a
losing position because you think no
it's right because ICT says I have I
have students that act like a like a fan
I don't want fans I'm not a celebrity I
don't like fandom
I want people that are responsible and
say you know what I love the fact that
you're responding to people like this
and you're reminding us of the risks
because there's real risks in this folks
more than you realize and you don't
really appreciate it until you first
start doing it and then all the things
that you never imagined were a factor
they are much more significant factors
than the things you're thinking are big
big rocks in the road for you to find
success the things you're worrying about
right now that you think are impeding
your ability to do this they're small
little tiny Pebbles on the road they're
not going to do anything for you they're
not going to hold you back but you think
they are the bigger things are the ones
that you're going to run into in the
road where it's like a brick wall you're
like wow I didn't see that coming I
didn't think it ever going to happen to
me
right and until you have someone telling
you this is what's likely to occur in if
you try to do this and do that at least
you're aware of it you're not taken by
surprise and if the people that are
being responsible are listening to me
they're like okay I'm not doing that
because I don't want to find out that
I'm not prepared and I hurt myself in
the process that's why the women do
better because they're not extreme Risk
Takers like men are like I was in 2008
like I was in 2009 and I live with
chronic pain now so
anyway I know dude nobody cares about
your motorcycle nobody cares about your
back pain so if you look at the the the
drop here on Tuesday I was in the latter
half of it and you saw that on the
execution videos on the YouTube channel
the next day at
Wednesday we have a Candlestick High
here now
watch
this that is your
CBI this your cell side balance b side
efficiency this big displacement
lower
here this up closed candle and this up
closed candle that makes all One
Singular bearish order Block it's not
the last up closed
candle when I taught it initially I
taught it that way because I
knew everybody's going to come out there
and start teaching courses with it there
are times where I will do this and the
the rules for using the up close candle
last one before the drop down that
definition will be in my book because
then it's in written format that means
everything after that will be dis paring
the written works of me the audio
commentary the the the the rules okay I
have slowly sprinkled the logic out
because I'm competing with every
plagiarist in the world right now that
wants to put this into a book form they
all want to be able to say they had it
in their book first that's why I'm doing
it here in my own voice on YouTube and
there's millions of you now have watch
and watched me talk about this and teach
it and I'm the only one out here
demonstrating it properly you might have
a winning trade here and there but you
don't even know why your trade worked
like you don't even know why that order
block worked or that inversion fair
value Gap did what it was supposed to do
you assumed that you could handled that
ZX14 and you jumped on it and you took a
trade you just happened to live through
it like I did in 2008 and I barely lived
through it in 2009 you see the
difference
so because of this displacement lower
we can't use this Candlestick High here
to that candlestick's low we have to
refer to the truest beginning point of
the order block which is this run up
okay something
here came into the marketplace that was
unbeknownst to me I don't care I'm not
trading in the morning session but I saw
what it was doing so I went in and I
worked with the position of getting
short inside of this daily range
the latter portion of it the afternoon
session post 1:30 p.m. Eastern Standard
Time so we have to look at this
Candlestick here so what three price
points here on this Candlestick are
pertinent or useful we're down under the
volume of bance see
that and now what you'll do is you'll
look at this Wick here and you'll look
at this Wick here divide that in half on
both of them I'm not going to do it
because I'm trying to get through this
lecture already longer than I want it to
be
it's always like that man if I say it's
going to be short it's going to be a
long one but the uh I love overd
delivering the difference between this
candlestick's low and that candlestick's
low okay you see that what is
that that's your fair value Gap this is
just a
siy this is a fair value G this is why
when I look at other people on YouTube
and they'll they'll say look here's a
fair value gy that's not a fair value gy
that's not a fair value guy that's not a
imbalance that I'm going to utilize see
what you're thinking is because you
listened to me with graduated
explanations because I'm giving a little
bit like a slow leak okay I'm leaking
out I'm teaching but I'm not giving you
everything because you all out there see
people trying to pretend that they know
what I'm teaching or they have it
figured out and they're trying to make
courses and now they're writing books on
Amazon because it's very easy for
someone to throw something together and
Amazon spits it out there okay I could
have my books out there in two weeks but
I'm fighting with my producer my my
publisher about the way I want my covers
to be because I only get one chance to
do this once I once I've released the
book for public I want I want my
way and they're wrestling with well you
know costs are going to be I don't care
I I'm not doing it to make money but see
that's not what what they see they want
to make money with it okay so we're
we're kind of back and forth with it
over that so it'll be released when we
finalize all that that stuff because I
want the covers to look exactly how I
want them and I'm getting a little bit
resistance because of them saying the
cost and what I want to receive as a
royalty for each book too it's it's a
little bit of a back and
forth and if you keep messing around
it's going to self-publish and I'll get
all the money so if you look at the uh
the low here to that candlestick's high
that is your rear that's that's your
real fair value Gap other folks on the
internet may see this and say
okay ICT says
that the best portion of shorts are
going to occur in the lower half of that
and we'll leave the upper half open and
that is true when you're trading and
utilizing a fair value Gap that is a CBI
but that is not what's going on here
that's why I tell you all the time there
is
no onetick pony explanation for a fair
value Gap you have to understand other
factors and other PD arrays you want a
fast track to selling books and courses
and being mentors because it's easy
quick money but when people realize that
there's someone out there that's
authored it it's teaching it for free
you're losing Subs you're losing
subscription costs and fees coming in a
month and then it's going to make you
mad and you're going to hate me and
you're going to create s upet accounts
you're going to troll me and you're
going leave comments in my comment
section that make me smile and make me
make longer videos because I like doing
it that is not what we're seeing
here this is a change in the state of
delivery right there that opening price
in a perfect
world price would do
this it would trade up to that level
there maybe just a little bit above it
and then roll over and go lower that's
the perfect world but if we're thinking
about things
algorithmically and I'm teaching you how
to use these PD arrays properly not look
for an imbalance that completely closes
in then I'm going to go long or short
based on that that is the worst approach
to doing that that's the worst that's
the lowest form of trading with
imbalances that's the lowest form why
would you want to do that you're a
bottom feeder doing that there's more
likelihood that your trade's going to
fail if you trade like then if you use
the logic I'm teaching which is you
don't want to see them fill in you don't
want to see them fill in so if this is
the change in the state of delivery it
means the price was offered going up so
this is buy side delivery it means the
movement of price is going up then you
have this displacement lower that
overtakes that candlestick's low your
reference point goes right back to that
opening price that's the change in
estate of delivery if you look at this
price right here this is on a well let's
just do it and if I talk about it it's
that's one thing but we're going to look
at Tuesday's price
action um September 3rd and the price is
being annotated here on that opening
candle uh that that price of that
opening on this individual Candlestick
of Thursday August
29th so when we drop down to a lower
time frame this blue line is referencing
this candlestick's opening price okay
let's watch we'll drop down to an hourly
chart you already see it though
you see
it what's going on here it's leaving all
this
open light bulbs are coming on let me go
back to the daily chart I want you to
fully understand what I'm showing
you this Candlestick that opening price
we're drawing that out in the
future when price reaches this level
[Music]
let me do it like
this I know when I change time frames I
get a lot of comments that they're
saying can you go slower when you talk
about price and you change the time
frames I get lost I get it but that's
that's the benefit of having a video and
it's also where you use the pause button
and you compare what my chart's showing
I always make a point of putting my my
cursor on the individual Candlestick so
that way if you're really trying to
learn this you're going to be doing the
same thing in your own charts cuz if
you're not doing it in your own charts
and and trying to replicate what I'm
showing you here in your own charts with
your own annotations I I mean this
sincerely okay I'm not trying to be
mean-spirited because I really want you
to learn I'm talking to Caleb right now
but other people are they're commenting
saying that I'm going too fast or I'm
trying to confuse them or I'm trying to
hide something I'm literally trying to
do everything I can to to give you the
the perspective of how to find it in
your own chart which is exactly what
you're supposed to be doing my son is
not going to just keep getting my charts
annotating after the fact this is the
PDA race he's going to be expected in
two weeks at the end of two weeks he's
going to start doing it he has to do it
in his
charts that's what you're going to be
doing when you trade when you eventually
get to the point where you trade with
your own money or take risk with a
funded account company whatever it is
those elements of what you've been doing
and practicing are all going to
culminate to that moment if you not if
you've been only looking at what I've
created how can you be confident you
won't be you won't be confident you
won't know what you're doing okay so
this box here is highlighting we'll do a
different color so it stands out a
little bit differently we'll make an
ugly
yellow ICT that's my favorite color look
man I don't like yellow
okay so if we drop back down to a
60-minute chart it's an hourly
[Music]
chart where we at here why is that not
going on to
my I think I have it set to
uh only show one one time for
minute yeah I think
[Music]
so all intervals now back down to 69
there we go good grief all right so you
can see what I was refer referring to
here where price was wicking into
that this is one time where my Watermark
is not working with me so here's that
opening price on that daily
Candlestick that little movement to the
downside and then it rallied up then we
had that roll over on
Tuesday right at this moment here look
what price is doing it's opening and
trading right back up to it it's leaving
all of this open and it's leaving all of
this open now think about this young
mentors okay you're running mentorships
you're trying to charge people money
teaching things you don't know how to
use you're going to look at this chart
and
say all right folks I'm running a signal
room we're watching shorts we're going
to wait for price to get up into this
area here
and right now you're probably getting
pissed off because I'm talking about you
I don't know you by name I know many of
them in in my mind I can think of right
now I'm not going to out you here I'm
telling you how to fix what you're doing
wrong because you're actually hurting
people and you're defrauding people and
you're teaching stuff that you don't
know how to do so because you're all
here collecting and writing notes like
scribes I want you to learn how to do it
right because when I'm gone people are
going to be wanting to learn how to do
this and you're the first round of
people learning directly as I'm teaching
it so you have an advantage so doesn't
it make sense to do it right and stop
trying to be in a hurry to get some
quick money you can get a whole lifetime
of money I could be making 15 to20
million every single month doing exactly
what I'm doing right now and I'm not
even skipping a beat I don't need that
money you do so if you want a whole
lifetime of educating with proper
respectable clientele that are going to
say you know what we trust you because
you're you're able to do it that's what
you want you don't want people that that
think well I have something I can teach
in hindsight I never have to do it in
front of anybody or prove it I'm telling
all of you if they're teaching smart
money Concepts or if they're teaching
ICT stuff unless they go out in front of
the world and outline exactly how it
should do behave everything you don't
even need to take a trade don't even do
that tell us what the price is going to
do if they fall on their face you just
save your money okay I promise you
that's the easiest litness test you
don't even need to see track records you
don't need to see trading logs you don't
need to see broker statements have them
come out on a live stream right on
YouTube everybody can see it I have
students that are doing it not all them
are teaching obviously but they they can
prove that they're doing it the easiest
way to determine whether you're going to
waste your money is can this person
explain to me what price is going to do
beforehand and because I have always
marketed that you're going to learn how
to read price action I cannot promise
you that you're going to be profitable
why because you're going to be like I
was in 2008 I'm going to buy the fastest
motorcycle and get out there and do
stuff I'm not supposed to do that's the
reason why I teach the way I teach folks
so all you foreigners that come at me
all the time oh bro you're a scammer
[__] you you have no idea what you're
talking about you're broke I'm not so
this inefficiency right here and this
inefficiency it should never be traded
to why would you expect these two fair
value gaps to ever be considered at all
if it's inside of that bearish fair
value Gap and it's above
the change in the state of delivery that
means it's going to do what it's just
going to go into a little bit and then
you want to see these things stay open
because that in indicates that we're
really heavy we're real real heavy we
don't need to see it go back up in a but
many of you that are trying to teach
courses and mentorships or signal
Services I've seen them people send it
to me here look at this guy Discord he's
trying to sell short here he's trying to
buy here's trying to do that and I'm
just responding with this the blind
leading the blind you don't know what
you're doing every little separation
between three candles like this is not a
fair value
gy it's
not this is further evidence that
indicate that you have to have more
Intel about the other PD arrays because
no matter which one you start with it
could be the breaker block it could be a
propulsion block it could be a well
volume bounce or fair value G you have
to understand the other ones even if
it's a small little brief
acknowledgement okay I recognize that
but that's not what I'm going to trade
on you have to refer to it because it's
part of the whole Narrative of what
price is
doing if I if I wanted to do it and it
was possible I could just say here's the
here's the order block Theory and you
never need to worry about any other
Candlestick but just this one you can't
it's impossible to do that because you
have to have other information from
other facets of what price was doing
that's why you're all you you're angry
at me because you think I'm hiding
something from you when I've told you
that you have to do these things to get
the answers you're asking for I know my
limitation as a as a human being as a
teacher I'm not going to reach to the
levels of what you expect in answers for
certain things because those questions
are answered with your own
experience and that doesn't satisfy the
people that are just one minute trainer
five minute trainer teach it to me in 20
minutes or less I I don't want students
like that I want people that are going
to be highly responsible and they are
aware of what's being taught and shown
to them because they can appreciate
what's being shown to them because it's
the truth I can make this fraud I can
make this fluffed up and all about
Lamborghinis and stuff but I can't come
out here and show you what I'm doing
beforehand if that's all that it is and
that's what most of what you see on the
internet right now is show everybody
else my fancy expensive stuff and once
that happens the novelty wears off then
what are you left with the people want
to see you explain it why should it work
in their own hands because if you can't
show the logic behind why it should do
something why should anybody send you
money why should anybody send you money
for you not being able to prove that you
have an understanding of what chice is
going to do and you don't even need to
push a button for that folks that's an
easy litmus test everybody out there in
education has a blank check right now
waiting for him if that's all IC said I
got to do well here I can do it boom
there it is
watch how many people do it though and
watch how you get banned watch how you
get blocked on email how you get blocked
on social media when you ask them to do
this stuff I'm ready for it I can do
this every single day every single day
I'm not running out of any any yeast
around here okay I this Baker's got all
kinds of flour and yeast I can do it all
day long but these inefficiency AR
aren't they're not going to fill they're
not going to trade back to you don't
want them
to now because we have that we can drop
down to a 15 minute time
[Music]
frame man it's
Watermark take it off ICT I want you to
get anyway I'm trying to Pirate your
stuff I know clowns all right so here's
that opening price on The Daily
Candlestick and it's the change in the
state of delivery and you can see it
wicking up into it we saw on that hourly
chart now we're on a 15-minute time
frame it's trading into it here and that
defines that 15 minute or sorry hourly
uh in inefficiency the downside it's
just a Cy that's not a fair value Gap
that you trade okay it's just showing an
inefficiency
but just because there's an inefficiency
doesn't mean it needs to trade up into
it you want to see where you are in the
lay of the land where is price at where
is it likely to go and how's it been
delivered these two inefficiencies in
price they're not we don't want them
that trade to them we don't want to see
price go up there but watch what happens
when it starts to break lower after
returning back to that blue line which
is the opening price on the lower up
closed Candle on the daily chart that
frames the full bearish order block
what this is this is what you end up
doing with this information okay this is
all part of the price delivery Continuum
Theory knowing what you're looking for
for from one Higher time frame and then
using the information from that higher
time frame what should you expect to see
in price so it gives me the confidence
it gives me I know what I'm looking for
I know what I'm going to trade off of I
know how I'm going to place my stop
based on this information big huge
Paradigm Shift ready you ready I don't
hear you come on I see I'm screaming so
it trades up in to the opening of that
lowest down closed up Clos candle that
makes the bearish order block this is
the change in state of delivery the
algorithm is going to refer back to that
price here we are on a 15-minute time
frame does it Wick above it yes does it
Wick above it yes does it Wick above it
yes how can you validate that that is
really going to be an influential order
block ICT look at this lower time frame
what are the bodies
doing what are they doing are they just
going through it no they're respecting
it oh so if I can see a time frame like
this that's confirming it that means
this up close candle becomes a valid
bearish order block and then I can use
it opening price right here you're going
to hear my stomach because I'm fasted so
it's already ground
talking we get that on that Candlestick
right there we don't need a close below
it we don't need engulfing candles does
this we don't need an Fu candle all that
stuff that's all 20-year-olds working
through a multi-level marketing scam
ring okay scammers scammers Incorporated
okay
uh I got to resist myself because I
could have a whole lot of fun with that
but I'm going to do it but we have that
opening price and we get it there so
that validates this as an order block
but now watch when it does this the next
candle what does it create
what's
this that's your first
presentation oh so it's not limited to
9:30 to 10:00 right it's when you're
using proper breakdown from a higher
time frame down to a lower time frame
using the PD arrays in the proper
context in its PD array Matrix where
we're at the lay of the land that fair
value Gap you can trade that right there
where your stock go it's got to be above
the the order
block so your risk is entry the lowest
threshold entry is this candlestick's
high and that is I mean I got to move
this down because or up
rather all right the fair B Gap is here
that candlestick's high is 19,1
183.2 so that's your entry minus one
tick so you want to get fill you want to
make sure that you're going to get
filled that's it why because you have
all these other things qualifying
confirming it but your risk is the
Candlestick that is the bearish order
block this one here because it should
not go back above that especially now
because we had this Candlestick to go
above it and this Candlestick goes above
it but prior to it validating that
closing or that opening price it didn't
need to close above or below it let me
say that one more time because I just
gave you a whole bunch of contradicting
statements this Candlestick up close is
your bearish order block we don't know
that yet until this Candlestick crosses
down below the opening price it does not
on this Candlestick does it does not
need to close below the opening price of
that to validate that as a bearish order
block what's good about this is we had
this Candlestick already trade above
this up Clos candle which is a potential
we don't know it yet bearish order block
it Wicked above its high there and it
Wicked above its high there and then on
this Candlestick we traded below that
candlestick's opening that validates
that Candlestick as a bearish order
block
any stop in this close proximity you
could use the opening of that
Candlestick right here that right there
you could be entering and you can add
more into it into a fair value Gap if it
trades up into it that's what I'm saying
like you can use that as your entry
mechanism but for stop placement you
have to use the high of that Candlestick
plus one
tick and it never goes there so that's
your defined risk from this Candlestick
High minus one tick that's your entry to
this Candlestick plus one tick above
it's high so that's your defined
risk and you can see multiple instances
where you can get in and and get short
on not that idea that
premise anyway let's go back out to a
daily chart and I continue on with my
lecture I really missed hanging out with
you guys
yesterday so here is the uh other
Wick guys up at the
damn it Michael shut your mouth you're
teaching
everything beautiful deliv right there
you want to screenshot that by the
[Music]
way right
there you won't find that in like off
you ain't G to see that in Andrew's
pitchforks my private mentorship
students that's inside joke all right so
anyway all this business here we are not
looking for that to trade up into these
in efficiencies they should stay
open so in reality what we're saying is
this this candlesticks low and this
candlestick's High that's your real
that's your real fair value got that's
it right
there now let's think about this for a
moment
okay if that's your fair value guy
you hear that my stomach saying you got
to feed me
boy this is your high on on the fairbay
gap which is the low of the fair Bay Gap
and this candlestick's low is the high
of the fair Bay Gap so that defined
range there this SE this section of
price is inefficient in
what buy side delivery because this
candle moved lower so in this little
section of price action between this
candlestick's low and this candlestick's
high we're only focused in in this
little shaded area we wait for price to
go up into it because what is that doing
it's offering the sell-side delivery
that means it's overlapping this down
movement between this candle's
low and this candle's high it's
inefficient because it didn't have any
other Candlestick cross over the range
defined by this candle's low and this
candle's High while price was going up
that's why I use the analogy all the
time painting you know when you apply
the paint to the wall first moments of
applying the paint with a roller it's
real Lush and and it's ample supply of
paint but you keep rolling eventually
that roller will run out of paint in
certain parts of it and you'll start
seeing these little pockets these little
poror delivery of paint and then what
you'll have to do is you roll the roller
right back up over top that same thing
well the same thing occurring here you
roll the paint down and then you're
going to have these little porous
Pockets where it didn't create a very
smooth delivery price action will see
that when we drop back down lower time
frames but here it looks you can't see
that so the only way you can see it on
this time frame is defining with a fair
value G which is why I created that
concept then this run back up into it is
overlapping that even though it Wicked
and went lower that delivery right there
that's what I'm I'm studying that when I
was setting up that turtle soup cell
what did I teach you about Turtle
soups they're reversal patterns and
they're continuation patterns you can
use the fair value to get into a turtle
suit stop listening to Twitter version
Turtle supers okay I promise you candle
range theory is [__] okay it's
[__] it's absolute [__] so stop
it stop it go out and call it every
single day walk out here like I'm
walking call it out line it up do it
trade it and then everybody will buy
your course I promise you they'll all
buy your course and you'll be the next
hero but you're not going to do that
because you're staying in the hindsight
of of
2020 stop putting sock puppet comments
in there I know you're losing sales but
I don't give a [__] this range in
here it's not because I hate you it's
everybody this time teach my stuff you
don't have any right to do
it all right so this level here I'm G to
I'm going to color this one
[Music]
uh we'll do uh orange and we'll make it
r b
okay so that way it'll be this pink
reddish area that's highlighted to this
candlestick's low we're highlighting
this inefficiency because it's defined
by this candle's high that candle's low
this candle's high is anchored with that
that broad orange color and we're going
to look at what price was doing here
yesterday and that's what I was
utilizing to get short in the Turtle
suit and then everything will become
perfect you'll have a a clear depiction
of what price is going to do because I'm
showing you how I executed
yesterday my focus and aim
was I didn't I thought I left that line
on here didn't I no that was this one so
that price is you want to have it on
your chart with 18552 and a half and
then the next one is this
one ict's calls in the
crash don't hate the player hate the
game baby so
of course I'm an anime fan what are you
talking about so this Candlestick high
on Wednesday
okay that run above that that's my
turtle suit so if I'm looking for this
level down here which I'm going to I'm
going to label
this line with a black level okay and
that way we know that that's what ICT is
aiming for so
between this candlestick's low this
candlestick's High something in here I
want to I want to attack
it I'm waiting for them to give me a
high a short-term high around time of
day that I want to trade and then I'm
going to wait for it to pierce that high
that's Turtle suit what I just said will
make sense in a minute when we drop down
the low time frames but I'm thinking
that I want to be
short Above This high and aim for this
level right
here that's a one shot one kill
that's that's my focus I want to be
above this price and aim for that
one I'm willing to absorb and ride out
all the little fluctuations between
where I get in at and where my initial
stop loss is to where I'm aiming for
that's down here
okay how how do we accomplish that I'm
glad you asked let's go down to a hourly
chart remember this orange line is this
candles sticks high so it has to be an
entry for
shorting above that level my entry to
get short has to be above this candle
sticks
high so that's this price up here look
at this right here this candles sticks
High my entry good short has to be above
that as much
as this candlesticks low watch this
price right here so I have a range of
looking for a short in that General
proximity I'm waiting for some something
to form technically affording me a short
where I can frame a stop loss using the
language I'm teaching you so that way
you can see it conceptually all right I
promise you once you understand
everything that I'm teaching the the
explanations don't need to be this long
and drawn out but because I have so many
new students I'm getting 60,000 new
subscribers every month which is crazy
so imagine my in my inbox is constantly
the same questions and I'm reminding you
that to stick with the 2024 mentorship
because it's going to answer a lot of
questions more directly than it ever
done in any in any previous lectures but
you can always go back in your free time
and watch those other ones too because
it's it's good stuff it's I use all that
stuff
still but I'm doing this in live market
conditions over life price action so you
can see me explain all this stuff and
then you watch it happen in your charts
and you're left with no excuse so we're
in this little
area the opportunity is from here to
here okay to now drop
[Music]
hourly Ain't it Fun talk too slow man
you talk too much and you got to get
right to the point so we have this old
high and inside this range here what's
it reaching for when it Wicked up like
this what is it reaching for look over
to the left what is all this
that was me framing the order block up
here and then you have all these Wicks
which becomes what balanced price range
why why is this balanced because we have
this Candlestick opening trading up here
we have this Candlestick opening and
trading up here we have this Candlestick
opening and trading up here so
essentially what you're seeing is you're
seeing a wall of price
action that's been delivered here
it's offered buy side and sell side all
throughout this range here and then it
leaves it right
there so that means that I can take that
idea and say I'm going to extend this
over
here and once it gets into that area it
should have no easy path into all this
stuff or
higher so now I'm further refining this
down into a small little pocket of price
range so yes it can touch this but
before we get to that range when it's
trading Above This High here when it's
doing this movement on the
hourly what can I use as an initial
framework to say okay where's my focus
at it's going up to this level an
extreme level but it's going to have a
real hard time getting above that
because we've seen back and forth
individual candlesticks overlapping
overlapping in the in the same range
then we have this right there where it
leaves that balance price range and it
leaves this little tiny little section
section of price action exposed with
inefficiency what is it inefficient
in it's sell-side delivery but buy side
inefficient that means it's got to have
at some time in the future after this
Candlestick closes and this one starts
to efficiently offer the Market Fair
Value
pricing this Gap is what it is is should
be repriced to with buy side delivery
that means movement up in price and we
get that
here see how it's starting to flesh out
more and
more if this then that if this then that
if not this then the other thing or sit
still so now we
have this wall of price action we're
going to take that away because it's
going to confuse you this Fair B Gap
we're going to drop down into a
15-minute time frame
this is all top
down
analysis so here's that High where the
little orange level was anchored
to and
this
Gap this one here I'm going to take this
one off for a
second this Gap here is above this old
high and we're trading up we want I want
to try to take a short as it's trading
higher as it goes higher I want to sell
short into that because it's going into
that inefficiency I had that big wall of
price action remember on the hourly
chart it's all those Wicks that was
saying I'm a balance price range I it
might touch me but I'm not going
anywhere I'm going to keep price from
going any higher but the Wicks can do
what they are allowed to do the damage
that means they can color just outside
the
lines so we're seeing that happen here
there's the the fair value Gap range
it's expanding just a little bit outside
of it but more importantly my focus is
is I'm getting above that high right
there because this is all part of a
daily fair value Gap institutional
orderflow entry drill that means I
expect it not to completely close in a
bearish fair value Gap I want to see it
just go in a little bit like it's doing
right here and I want to see it
immediately price lower okay now we can
drop down to a five man
chart everything starts getting more and
more scientific doesn't it if I'm
watching this time frame what do I want
to see in price well what does my price
delivery Continuum Theory teach you the
higher time frame order flow any PDR
that you're using on a higher time frame
what's higher than a a 5 minute chart a
six minute chart a seven minute chart a
eight minute chart anything higher than
a 5-minute chart so what are my usual
picks I use the industry standards
because I want to have this little
disruption to what you're used to if you
come from other schools of thought so
everybody understands that the weekly
I'm sorry the monthly the daily I'm
sorry good G the monthly the weekly the
daily the 4 Hour the one hour the 15
minute the five minute the 1 minute and
anything less than a one minute chart
it's just you know Bonkers right so I
say that when I'm talking to
the previous higher time frame gave us
this pink shaded area for the fair value
Gap to be defined I laid the rectangle
on it based on the higher time frame and
now because it's transposed to this time
frame now we're on a f minute chart what
are the bodies telling
me they're respecting it aren't they so
I'm getting closer and closer to what it
is I'm looking for because every frame
of reference for time because that's the
most Paramount thing
no matter who tells you what
baby time is the most important factor
before price does anything because if it
ain't the right time price ain't going
nowhere period the bodies are saying
yeah we're respecting that we're not
we're not going to color outside the
lines but the Wicks will see you watch
these Wicks when it's happening like
this and you think oh they're they're
changing the algorithm they're making
traps tell me if I was trapped yesterday
or was I trapping Breakout artists I was
fading at the highest form using what
I'm teaching you right here I'm teaching
you the real Turtle suit not Linda rash
and Larry Connor's Turtle suit buy the
book and you'll see none of this is in
there no disrespect to Linda I respect
her she was a mentor to me through a
book I've never met her before I never
talked to her except for one time she
exchanged a reply to me on Twitter that
was it I'm not a fan I'm not a going
crazy like I was with Larry Williams I
have a high degree respect for her
because she had a
huge impact on me in understanding stop
hunts that that that book helped me
understand that but I don't teach
anything from that book and you should
all own that book and by me telling you
to buy the book that's what that does it
cancels out me hiding anything oh he's
secretly teaching smart money Concepts
that were found in Street smarts book
wrong I'm not I love the name Turtle
suit and I just borrowed it for my
approach to seeing reversals because in
my mind I'm thinking every person is a
breakout artist is thinking the same way
that the turtle Traders were Richard
Dennis taught them to use a 20-day High
breakout if it went above the highest
high in the last 20 days they bought it
and they used the lowest low in well I'm
not going to teach you buy the book and
you'll get the rules but the point is
this none of that's being taught here
but the idea of a stop hunt and then
drawing back into the previous range it
helped me understand it where I was not
seeing that in any other books I was
reading so it helped me understand
something on a short-term basis and it
gave me something to use and study price
action with where mine no disrespect to
those individuals that wrote that book
but I absolutely
believe undeniable evidence that mine is
the highest tier of of application of
the idea of a stop hunt like I don't
think anybody else has done any better
work on it and if you think that I'm not
being truthful in that show me that book
show me that AR that author I would love
to have someone show me something better
not for the sake of competition because
they may they may know something that I
don't know I think it's highly unlikely
but I don't think it's going to happen
but what I'm teaching you is how to use
the the the top damn approach and use
the price delivery Continuum Theory
which is whatever the higher time frame
PD arrays have done at a higher time
frame chart the lower ones should start
respecting that PD array as you see here
we allow those Wicks to color outside
that it's normal for to happen but what
I'm watching is is what the what do the
bodies
do are the
bodies going beyond the PD array that
I'm using to Anchor my analysis on on a
higher time frame chart in this case
we've seen what no it doesn't do
that no it's not doing that at
all when you're looking at a gap okay
I'll give you something else that's
going was just supposed to be in the
book when you're looking at a fair value
Gap how far can it go outside side of
the range that defines that fair value
Gap and still be good how wide is the
fair value Gap because the wick can do
that range outside of it that's one
standard deviation on the fair value Gap
that is not changing anything for me if
it starts going above it a little bit
like that you've seen me annotate trades
um it's a mohawk that's what I type it
as it's a mohawk it's just a little tiny
little stray hair some like when you're
cutting the grass you're not paying
attention because you're watching a next
neighbor because she's in a bathing suit
and you're going to get in trouble if
your wife catches you you leave that
little line you like that stuff don't
you the little line of grass that you
didn't really moow over perfectly and
you look back and you're I got to go
back over there and fix it because you
were distracted you weren't doing what
you're supposed to do which is follow
the process of overlapping a little bit
make sure you're not leaving any
straight hairs or in this case little
straight areas of grass well that's what
the algorithm is doing it's just
coloring Outside the Lines a little bit
but the standard deviation of whatever
that pdate or inefficiency is the fair B
gas when you're looking at like this
they're they refined small and smaller
they're not going to go five times this
okay and then so it's a good trade it's
going to be within the realm of whatever
this Fair Val you get with is it can
color outside the line that much
generally it won't do that much at all
but that's the rules for it okay now
you're not going to find that in
anything else and today September 6th of
2024 on YouTube Michael J Huddleston has
given you more context around fair value
gaps everybody's going to have it in
their mentorship now everybody's going
to have it in their courses and they're
all going to have it real quick in a
chapter in fairbay Gs for their Amazon
book but you're still not getting
everything you're going to see that
that's just small little pieces little
pieces of it this technical science baby
okay we're not talking about Checkers
so watch what happens when we use the
same logic going down into the one
minute
chart can you tell I like doing this can
you tell I enjoy it I like a little too
much my wife said you're just obsessive
well you got to be I mean CU this stuff
is boring otherwise right if you're not
really dialed in and and and excited
about what it is you're learning how
could you possibly be expected to to do
very very well with it you're going to
get quickly bored with it won't you of
course you will so now look what we have
here right away students of mine that
have been with me for a long time know
that this is a market maker cell
model where's your consolidation right
here why are you picking that ICD why
aren't you using this down here because
this is
all impulsive price action it's it's
real sharp we don't want that we're look
our eye goes for the original what
what's the rules for Market maker sell
model and buy model the original
consolidation that means your ey is
looking for a perfect little box of
price action well can you see that this
to
this those are relatively equal lows
right go go straight up from
there what do you have that's your
original
[Music]
consolidation inside the original
consolidation go back to the original
rules this is old stuff it can drop down
slightly below that low right there
which is what you get and then once it
leaves it it can can touch what the
original consolidation high oh that's
support and resistance save it
pal expansion
up
reaccumulation I'm sorry first stage
accumulation reaccumulation or second
stage reaccumulation then it rallies up
and creates
what smart money
reversal how does Smart
money know to sell short at the highs
like that that was the question I
had in the 90s I sat and looked at
charts like this and I think man I wish
I could trade the Swiss frank and get
that kind of move man I wish I could
trade the the the deark which they don't
trade anymore U I wish I could get in
there and trade
that and I went in and I started
breaking things down and I met some
people and know little things happened
okay and some visitors coming see me so
I learned some things let's put it that
way and what I learned is what you think
about what the markets are doing are not
in at all doing that so by having what
is really going on versus how I can
commun communicate that in a price chart
that's what you're seeing here you don't
need the smart money reversal and that's
exactly what I taught when I was
teaching my market maker buy and sell
models which is absolutely not W off it
is not
now the idea the the infancy of
wof if you study just the beginning
parts of that stuff don't get caught up
in all the other garbage but the overall
markup aspect and then the selling off
of it
that is a market truism it has nothing
to do with W off it has nothing to do
with ICT that's just the way markets do
they go up and they go down they rally
up and they sell off like anything else
when the market is hot for for homes it
goes up all the prices keep going up up
up up up up up who sets the price for
your house when you try to sell
it well if you have a good realtor
they'll say this is what the comps are
in your area and what do you do well I
want to be the highest comp
that's what I
did and I got $155,000 more than I asked
for and then another house just sold
last um was it March for more than my
money or for for more I I'm sorry for
the amount of money more than I sold and
my house had more stuff my house was the
biggest one in the in development it had
more things done to it
inside and they sold it for $100,000
more than mine but I I just wanted to
unload it
and you set the price for your home when
you're trying to sell it who owns the
market that's a question is going to
keep you up at night who owns the
market you're never going to meet
him you are never going to meet
that
entity you all think it's a it's a
combination of everybody comes together
and we're buying and selling and that's
the market bull
wrap that is not
it they're just creating a watering
hole and when everybody comes to the
watering hole to get a
drink that's when people eat when
they're predators and they want to take
down something for food because they
need
meat in this world in the financial
Market money is
meat that's how you sustain yourself you
eat the
best so if you can entice the richest
people in the world and the biggest
conglomerates in the world that want to
speculate all well you create a watering
hole for them to do that and then you
eat that's what the Market's for anybody
tell you anything else it's not they
they don't know what they're talking
about so when price is trading up into
this area what time is this time of
day what is
it it's a after the opening
range of 9:30 to
10:00 so we now have the market trading
inside of our fair value
Gap but now that's the first time you
can trade there so anyone that wants to
go short just as because it R is up
higher like that you got to wait just
give it a chance give it a chance to let
people go after it because it's the
second mouse that gets the cheap
see this is the cheese right here it's
baited that's the area that everybody
would want to get if they understood
what I'm teaching they want to get that
price level it's real high it's nice but
they don't understand the market maker
sell model which is consolidation maybe
a stop hunt initially rallies touch the
rig consolidation rally higher
accumulate second stage
reaccumulation then it rallies and takes
out a
high right there it's coloring outside
we saw it on the hourly we saw it on the
15minute time we saw it on the 5 minute
chart there was Wicks up here right
that's what these bodies are on a one
minute chart that is completely
permissible we're not going to look at
the bodies of a one minute time frame
when the higher time frame hourly 15
minute and five minute are showing just
the
Wicks the one minute chart's going to
have bodies there
just like when you're looking at a one
minute chart if you look at the wick on
this Candlestick here go down to a
15-second or 5sec chart you're going to
see bodies on that time frame that's
it's it's completely reasonable to
expect that but watch when price takes
out this High here and we're inside this
area as
well I want to be selling short I want
to get short in there I want to add
more if it can afford me outside the
coloring of that shaded area that that's
premium pricing like that's really good
that's like you selling your house for
$100,000 more than what you were
originally aiming to do who's going to
who's going to be mad about that nobody
is and so since I'm aiming for something
in this area here and targeting all the
way down to that black line right there
in my mind I'm thinking this is the
beginning this is the Inception of the
trade and this is my Terminus down here
I don't care what this is all going to
require of me because I'm not going to
chase my stop loss throughout all that
range I'm going to wait for logical
price points and then once I place my
stop I'm going to sit still that's one
shot one kill because I'm taking down my
mark my Mark is this level down here
that's the low of that fair value gap on
the daily
chart so now when we have this smart
money reversal you don't need that wait
for it to break in Market structure
that's what you get with this little
high here I'm sorry this low we get it
right there and then we trade back up
into what the order block where's the
change in state of delivery on that that
opening price on that Candlestick right
there oh better plug my plug my laptop
in I went past
the the battery life here give me a
second this is some boring stuff ain't
it this guy talks too
much get out of here if that's how you
think
you ain't my student and I don't care to
read your comments that's broom
you so if this is in fact
correct any little retracements up
should not take out this
high and our premium rate it's inside
this as well like this order block that
price is what you see me
annotating in the
recording I tell you what if I don't see
25,000 likes on this video or this live
stream I promise you I will take two
weeks off of live streaming and I won't
come back until then because this is
stuff that I absolutely never ever ever
wanted to
teach and it's just a little uh little
thank you from all you 25,000 or you
won't see me live stream until it gets
there and if it doesn't get there I
won't live stream it'll all be
pre-recorded
stuff oh you're a
jerk it's free bro so anyway the opening
price here extend that forward every
time we worked inside that see that what
is it
doing it's building up positions inside
the lower half of this Candlestick but
there's no algorithm
right how do we use PD arrays if it's a
premium array we want to see the lower
half of it utilize in the upper half
ideally not touched that's that point
here I'm referencing that go watch some
video go watch it at 0.25 uh speed
you'll see me entertaining saying it's
working the lower half of the discount
portion and it's under the mean
threshold mean threshold is a reference
point to a a range like that order block
or uh it's kind of like equilibrium but
when we're talking about a specific
candle it's mean threshold in other
words it's threshold for any type of
retracements in and still being valid
should be if you're bearish up close
candles at the halfway point and lower
that's where all of your institutional
buying and selling is going to be weight
on in this case we have up closed candle
that's a bearish order block that's
validated on this Candlestick right here
soon as we pass below that opening price
there let me let me slow down here
because I know what's happening right
now you are brand new and you're
probably hearing this stuff and you're
like what in the hell is this guy
talking
about I'm not your entry level educator
my assumptions are that you've gone
through a lot of the market maker primer
course that's on my YouTube channel um
if you go through that that'll that'll
give you a little bit of uh Foundation
but starting here is
good doing all the old stuff and saying
I'm going to go and watch your 2024
you're really missing the opportunity of
seeing it stuff live because you're
you're going to regret not being here
when when it happened and you're like oh
I watched them call it it did it so when
we're bearish we have that bearish order
block validated here so that means from
that opening price anything above that
is a potential entry but ideally it
should never go above the halfway point
which is mean threshold see how it's
doing that it's staying away from that
that was signaling to me that's why you
see me adding more in here I'm
literally confident like I could run
through a brick wall I know what I'm
looking for and I know exactly what I
have in hand and I I'm like okay I'm
done I do one more pyramided entry and
then I just let it
ride I want to see it
attack all these pools of liquidity and
iously troll in the comments as it's
happening because they'll say this is
selling pressure and it's not the market
is pausing in here and it's all time
Distortion time Distortion is where the
Market's being held in a holding pattern
and it's being used to
allow entities that you are not going to
see doing what I'm doing and what I'm
teaching they're never going to teach
that stuff I had to create a language to
get as close as I could to teach what's
really going on here and you can toss
that out you can say there okay that
story is not real there's no algorithm
none of that stuff okay do that if
that's what it helps you but if you can
see it conceptually with my language
that's all I'm really trying to
do I just want you to be able to see how
these things relate to what price is
going to do and it doesn't relate to any
other form of trading that's what kind
of getting at because I get pissed off
when people try to Discount my entire
life's work and what the Lord's laid in
my hands because I would not know this
if it wasn't for him period okay trust
me when I tell you that is it and there
is no teacher except for him he's the
mentor so that's the real ghost of
machine so if we
have this Candlestick the halfway point
below
between its opening price and halfway
all of this is potential areas where you
could take a a short
entry and your stop loss can be used
with
this order block or you can use this
High here depending upon what your your
risk model and your account size affords
okay so we'll take this off
now and that validates the order block
right there we'll take that off just
trying to keep it clean and now what I'm
going to do is I'm going to add
the
[Music]
executions and
suddenly Everything Changes because we
you can clearly see this ain't the
market replay around here
bro can't do that Mark replay okay oh
there's there's buttons missing I'm got
put them back on here because it'll come
out see he he he didn't have the buttons
up there it was Market replay you can't
see those up here in Market replay and
so if you're seeing the executions
there they were live
executions look at the price right there
I'm I know I'm getting real premium
pricing here because I'm outside of that
fair value Gap Above This Above This
high this is Turtle suit this is where
smart money does the smart money
short Market maker sell model smart
money short
lowrisk sell order block
the high end of that fair value Gap
that's that's what I'm aiming for and
I'm I'm
targeting right in here in this Wick I
was trying to time it as it was uh
inside the the halfway point and that
top of that fair that's what I was
aiming for but it slipped away from me
because it's on a lower time frame one
minute chart that's what I was doing
there and then over here you can see
we're adding uh oh man right there on
the wick here
and then I'm aiming for this low to be
taken
out and I said the market will
aggressively repriced down here because
the algorithm is not going to want them
to pull their orders anyone that's long
that has a trailed stop loss here what
kind of sell stop I'm sorry I just told
you didn't know what kind of liquidity
would be resting below here sell stops
because they're long and they're
protecting their Longs by putting a stop
loss below an old low because the books
tell them that's where they should put
their stop loss I love the fact that the
books tell them that I love that these
20-year-old mentors and these old hold
hats that tell you that's how you should
trade this is where you put your stop
loss at please continuously keep doing
that as long as we keep seeing this
regurgitated archaic logic and and
things that people should be doing in a
in an industry where 90% of people that
use that stuff lose okay keep doing that
stuff and then you'll never need to lose
any sleep about this stuff ever not
working in the future so this low here
you see me annotate that and then you
see oops put that back up here you see
me annotate good grief
Michael I'm charting
drunk you're under the influence of
goofballs there we are now you're
starting to look like yourself here
buddy so below here is cell side and
below here cells side and then we have
the original
consolidation here so that would be you
aim for a run below here
here okay so there's where your pools of
liquidity are and how the market will
draw to them respectively so you see it
drop down that's wonderful and then this
is your first stage distribution of the
cell
[Music]
model watch my core content in the
2017 playlist I actually teach this
stuff here in that uh mentorship it's
all for free on the YouTube channel you
don't need to pay for any of that stuff
stop buying my stuff from other people
okay because you're literally paying for
something I put on my YouTube channel
for free so this is a first stage
distribution and then this is second
stage distribution second stage
distribution is your unicorn it is so
quick it's so powerful it's the one that
you're looking for in every trade that
you're looking for moving higher or
lower if you can identify my market
maker sell model or or buy model if you
trade the second stage redistribution
that means you're selling short or if
you buying the second stage
reaccumulation that means you're going
long you are going to get the biggest
the fastest the beautiful easy hold
trade that you're looking
for everybody knows these relative equal
lows are there but not everybody sees
the framework that causes this to be
second stage
distribution what's
this it's a discount Wick but what
happens if you're below it it becomes
what a premium Wick
boom how hard can it go above that well
you have a little bit of inefficiency
here but then you're met with what
balanced range this Wick previous Wick
previous Wick all this is balanced so
it's trading up into it but it's saying
I'm not going to let you go any higher
you going St right there turn it around
bro and then rolls
over where is it aiming for original con
validation what's below these relative
equal lows cell side okay wonderful but
what happens if you just have a little
bit more expected for lower prices like
I did like I was telling you earlier in
the week that we were going to look for
this fair value gap on the daily chart
that's defined by this blue line
here and that black line that I made
darker because I want you to see that
was my target you hold this
one but you can't Trail your stop loss
up to this high you can't do that so if
you watch the recording you'll see me
outline the ranges of what I'm willing
to absorb and I gave you all this stuff
up in here too and I gave you the lower
half I said I want to see price State
below that half go watch the video
because I'm want to make this video much
much longer than it needs to be by doing
something that's already been shown in
the video because I'm actually typing
out you can see it and read
it
so the market in fact
does drop down and starts consolidating
and and that low I told you um in the
playback that is the consequent
encroachment of this gap between this
level
here and here and I'll show
you well just's use this opening price
and we drag it
down boom look at the body expecting
that see that that's algorithmic and
that's what I was telling you if I want
to just hold it for the daily range okay
I get I get people all the time they'll
find a video clip or they see something
I said on Twitter a long time ago or
recently or maybe I've ran something
when I brag about what I can do I'm not
I'm not lying about that okay when I
tell people I can sell the highs and buy
the lows and I can get the daily highs
and the daily lows I don't know how else
to prove it to you but but me actually
doing it like I'm doing it and I'm
explaining the logic how you can do it
too it's not like I'm saying here's a
trick that I can do and you worship me
that's not what I'm doing I'm teaching
you as my students how you can find
these things yourself because it's
fascinating to me when I get feedback in
the comment sections and I don't read my
emails anym because there's too many of
them but usually in the in the comment
section is people are like this is wild
like this is really wild to see this
Precision it just keeps happening right
a't that awesome it's awesome and
because I I don't have much in the way
of other people in the industry that
I talk to except for students I love the
feedback because I live vicariously
through all of you all over again
because you're experiencing what I
experienc
and after 30 years you're not really
you're not impressed with it to the
degree that I feel all over again
because I see that Splash over of
excitement because you're finding it in
your own charts you're seeing it and you
you test it out and you're like this did
exactly right exactly and it's laughable
when they say the Market's not
algorithmic or controlled by a price
delivery mechanism that is absolutely
predetermined it's
scripted that's the part you don't
understand that's why it's laughable
that says it's buying and selling
pressure because from here it's going to
drop down to to that low and how many
contracts need to be sold short to do
that not as many as you might think it
just needs one every time the new price
has been offered just like you can't
sell your house you're trying to sell
your house up here at this price
nobody's buying nobody's even coming to
see it no viewings all right let's drop
it down $10,000 nobody's still doing a
viewing all right let's start just drop
it down to 25,000 more or less nobody's
coming to see it oh well you know it's
keep dropping it lower and then all a
sudden what happens you start getting
people that want to buy it they're
coming to view it right but they're not
buying it technically you just want to
see it so that's what you're seeing
people buying it then that means you can
book at lower price and sell there's
always people coming in the marketplace
that want to buy and sell at the market
and they only need that one contract
transaction you are not seeing the
effects of price moving higher and lower
to these levels because it's buying and
selling pressure because if it's that if
it's that what if that's what it is how
on Earth
is everything balancing perfectly to my
PD arrays to the very levels that random
buying and selling pressure that
everybody has all these different
methodologies everybody's doing
something different folks but why is it
listening to what I'm telling you it's
going to do there's only one constant
here what I'm teaching you because what
I'm teaching you is the market it is the
actual Market it is the source code it's
close as I can take you to it this is it
this is visually what it is this is
Visual Basic if you want to be a
computer program you won't get that
unless you're a programmer so anyway
sell side here it it aims for that and
then small little consolidation in here
what's it doing it's affording traders
to do what the people that know that's
going to trade for this level here and
below here allows them to go short but
it's denying
what harmonic Traders ratio Traders
imbalance
Traders support turn resistance Traders
can't get on
board lower
again attacking that cell side why
because they don't want the individuals
that are long to pull their orders and
get out of their long position because
that means their stop disappears so the
algorithm is re delivering to that price
level it's coded to do this this is
script it's a macro it's something it's
a short list of of orders and directives
for the price engine to say okay I'm
going to quickly reic lower quickly I'm
going to keep offering price lower lower
lower it doesn't matter how many people
are buying it doesn't matter how many
contracts are being traded to go long it
doesn't matter that does not matter
folks and I know I could be out here
every single day for the rest of my life
and there's still going to be people out
here arguing and to me it that's
fascinating to me the the the level of
denial is
unbelievable find somebody that can do
it like this explain it to you
beforehand using buying and selling
pressure because you're not going to
find that you can't find any with Market
profile and and vwap they're not going
to explain every fluctuation like this
and they're sure as hell ain't going to
get position entries like this they're
not going to do it not consistently I'm
doing it I'm doing
it so at some point you're at this
juncture
where you place your faith in the fact
that there's consistency there's logic
being shown and it's transferable
knowledge you don't have to subscribe to
the algorithm you don't have to
subscribe to the the the the in Black
you don't you don't have to believe any
of that stuff okay you don't have to
believe any of
that but what is price telling because
that's really what matters the time of
day and the Open high low and close if
you understand that and the the basis of
in inefficiency and
liquidity you you don't need anything
else you don't need anything else you
don't need any any kind of O overlaid
indicators none of that stuff you'll be
able to see
everything as it really is
all right so that completes that day
here and I mentioned like I said I could
have very easily just closed the trade
right here because it's hitting
consequent encroachment and it would
have been just a little bit above it for
my limit order to trade there if all I
wanted to do was get the low of
yesterday look where I'm look where I'm
at folks look where I'm trading at like
it's real hard to do that with a market
order while watching price
action I didn't I didn't limit in I was
Marketing in watch the recordings I'm
proving to you because I could have done
limit orders and did better entries but
I had to do these hot buttons over here
because I'm constantly proving that it's
not Market
replay because I love [__] on all
these people that come in my comment
section and I'm sure on social media
other places they're probably talking
all kind of but I just killed them today
I literally just killed
[Music]
them made $100,000 in four days bro poy
ICT yeah it's
good everybody take the long way around
but this is the low of the day I could
very easily sold short here and bought
that and that's the high and low of the
day what discipline out there is going
to teach you that nothing else
absolutely nothing else so I'm going to
ride this
out and all this consolidation
here I wanted to admittedly I wanted to
add in pyramid here but I wanted to
prove that my stop-loss payment was like
grandmas level like there is nobody out
there going to have the logic that I'm
able to to keep teach you and use like
I'm using it I'm not just form fitting
it to things I'm literally teaching the
logic and then implementing it that's
what mentoring is mentoring is being
able to cons to find the concept that is
easily
transferable provide the logic it may be
hard to see and understand in the
beginning but then see examples of this
supposed teacher or Mentor utilizing it
utilizing it in a manner that is UN
deniable and when I talk about things in
the higher time frame charts I tell you
this is where the markets likely to go
and I wanted to see it trade down to
that fair value on the daily chart and
then it happens
today there there are moments of
astonishment that you need as a student
whether you're learning from me or
anybody else because if you're not
getting a steady diet of that wow
factor you're probably listening to
someone that's a fraud you're probably
learning something that isn't going to
work for you you're probably not going
to be successful at whatever you're
wasting your time with but when you see
it being utilized and you have all these
other people around the world that are
using the same stuff and they're getting
profits with it and they're attributing
it to what you're learning right now and
they're learning right now too they're
excited they got notes going in their
journals just as fast as you are head
swirling around new questions being
answered all kinds of things opening up
with New Logic and new models they're
never imagined before and this is still
nothing this is
nothing this is is nothing anyway and
then we had the uh previous new day
opening gaps in here I told you about
that and look what they did here look at
the look at this this is what I really
got excited about last night we you
watch it on the recording where they
Wicked up in the last hour yesterday
look at this right at the uh the last
portion of daily
range boom why would they want to do
that why on Earth would the market want
to do
that Trail stop losses
here inefficiency balance price range
bang that unseats trail stop losses they
won't get the VIP treatment that ICT got
they won't be able to see the promised
land they can get to the Jordan River
but they cannot
cross they get buried on the
mountain
this hanging around what this is the
high of that daily fair value guy what
what is it doing this says marking
time and it drips down and then gives
you what the buyers an opportunity to do
what place
what stops what kind of stops sell stops
so this is engineering liquidity it
didn't go down to where I said it was
going to go yet it's building liquidity
they want to build liquidity around that
level what does the market do rallies up
consolidates consolidates it's hanging
around the upper quadrant of that daily
fair value Gap using old new day opening
gaps building fake bull
Flags oh it's gonna go high no it ain't
bang and then watch when we're getting
close to this low here the algorithm
knows it needs to do it quick or you'll
do what if you're long you're going to
pull your order you're going to collapse
your trade they they have to have the
liquidity there so the market does this
quick drive down boom and there's my
exit rate at the low of the Fairway
daily chart tell me talk to me okay talk
to me you tell me who's proving that
who's proving it who's bringing the
evidence that can stand up in court
because I could do this in front of any
Court in front of anybody I can do it on
CNBC if they'll let
me you want you want to see me trade
live I'll do it right in
Kramer I'll go on Kramer and say watch
this can you
imagine I out there oh man Kramer you
don't want me on there you don't want me
on there because I'd be like
look this guy is the alpha fading
indicator like whatever he says give it
a little time and it's going to go the
other
direction and I don't mean that to be
mean but that's just the facts like it's
crazy it's crazy
but I would have literally given my left
leg when I was 20 years old if somebody
like like yourself right here is proving
this stuff
conceptually executing with it okay now
here's the here's the challenge for the
uh the soy boys in the comment section
and I I it may sound to you like I got
like hundreds of them or even 20 of them
I don't I have usually one or two and
you think oh you spend too much time in
your here I love them that that's what
makes this fun for me like it I have
have to have some kind of ant
antagonistic uh
argument one guy out there took it to an
extreme to try to make a brand out of it
okay and and I think it hurt him
but just the back and forth the banther
the shop talk I love that like I love
that and it's it's fun to be able to do
it with other people and they don't take
it personal but for the soy Boys in my
comment section that I love ribbing and
I know some of them probably still love
me and it's like they know who I'm
talking to when I say it
Lucas but the
uh the idea of using multiple screens
okay here's your challenge you might
have multiple computers okay and screens
or whatever
okay trading view is welcome to come out
and verify that what this was done was
only with one
account you can't have multiple
accounts on trading VI you have the
account that's it as far as I'm aware of
okay unless it's something that I don't
know but I want all the folks that hold
the opinion that this was done with
multiple computers multiple screens
here's what your here's what your
challenge is
okay you have to frame the trade with
all the annotations like I have every
key level and you have to be able to use
the logic that I've taught and you got
to get at the high of the
day and then you got to get out
at the low over here use that logic I
promise you no one's going to come
forward with doing that they'll do it in
Market replay but they will not do it
with live price action they won't do it
in a demo they won't be able to do it
with their Live account they won't be
able to do it period in a story it's
done so I have a lot of fun with those
types of things and honestly you should
be thankful that these people do this
because it inspires me to do these
lectures like this it doesn't inspire me
when I got people constantly telling I
love you ICT when I go people's chat
rooms I love you ICT oh man I'm out of
there as soon as I see that I'm done I'm
gone I'm not like that I don't want that
I like the guys that want to give me a
ribbon like bro like show this and show
that you can't do that as soon as they
give me something I can't do I do it
it's simple it's it's almost like a like
a magic show okay can you show me a card
trick sure I'll show you a card trick I
could show you card tricks all day long
I could live stream card tricks for
hours and hours and hours and never
mind I like that I love that engagement
I love that you know that playfulness
like yeah but it ain't so and so and
then okay boom and it's just like oh
[__] they never come back with a
response after that which is my perfect
response they're like nothing they can't
say nothing so when I talk about this
stuff some of you try to defend me and
mother me or or or father me by saying
you spend too much time you should be
thankful that they do this because
that's the that's the dichotomy here
that's the that's the thing that gets my
juices going like I it makes me want to
do more of this that's like you have no
idea that's when I'm driving around I
want somebody to give me road
rage I want them to get out of their car
please get out of your car please get
out of your car because I'm looking for
that I'm looking for an outlet I'm
looking for that think about what I was
telling you about the 2008 I was looking
for something I wanted
stimulation I was already wealthy I was
already aware of you know where I was in
the world I'm happy but now what do I
want to do I need to do something
dangerous
and men are the typical that they're the
creatures that do it women don't
generally do that
stuff so in this education uh platform I
like when people say I don't believe you
and they want to say something if they
took the time to send me something in
the comment section that means that I
have them emotionally
hooked and that means they have
committed they placed the bet that's
what they've done they've taken a time
to type that out and then I'm going to
honor their time by answering their
[__] and they answer it in a way
where it leaves them
speechless and if they have a hero or if
they're the hero in a stock puppet
account that's offended because I'm
doing something they are never going to
be able to live up
to dude you don't have to say that you
learn from me but if this helps you
become a better Trader and if you want
to sell services and signals and stuff
at least you know how to do it for real
now that's all that's all I'm trying to
do I'm having fun doing something I
don't mean anything mean Spirit to
anybody I don't I don't wish any ill on
anybody else I don't I don't have that
mentality like I don't have that but I
do like to have fun and I can take a
good ribbing when when people have
something that's you know said about me
funny they make skits about me whatever
I laugh my ass off about some of that
stuff it's funny stuff I'm not hurt I'm
not ashamed and hiding my face I'm not
here live streaming and do you see
anything slowing down no no because I'm
comfortable in my skin I'm comfortable
with who I am and what I'm able to do
and as a mentor you want to have that
mentality because you're going to have
students they're going to challenge you
if you don't do this then you're a fraud
if you don't do this I don't believe you
you didn't do this because you didn't do
it this
way you're always going to have these
new challenges and you get to pick and
choose what you want to
answer you have to have the the comfort
knowing that people are going to come at
you like I'm the hottest thing right now
in trading just go out there and look at
it it's it's just like that that it
doesn't mean that I'm right for
everybody it doesn't mean I'm the
perfect Mentor but I have to have fun
doing this or I'm not going to do it and
this is my way of being fun like I have
fun with it and I don't get my feelings
hurt when people doubt me or if they say
something that may be viewed that other
people that are supporting me they want
to go to war about that I don't think
like that I I think it's fun like it's
fun when other YouTubers and live
streamers they talk smack about me they
say something funny I laugh about that
unless it's something personal about my
family or something like that you know I
I have a sense of humor and some of you
out there feel like you have to be my
bodyguard you don't have to be my
bodyguard like I'm not insecure most of
you have insecurities that are really
unhealthy for a student and that's what
gives what we have here as a community a
very strong cult-like
Persona and to to kind of take away the
sting of that uh Persona I I just
grabbed it and said okay yeah we're the
cult of winning because nobody else's
Community is going to be like we are
we're dialed in on Precision we're
looking for consistency we have levels
of precision that it's it's alien to
anyone else it's literally ridiculous to
be able to say oh this is ICT trades
like this guy or that guy or the tra ICT
trades like me there ain't nobody that
trades like me
[Music]
i' like for you to show me who they are
if they uh if they exist but uh here's
the 9:00 run
up all this spending time above that
daily fair value Gap above all this buy
side here and then they ripped it
lower and this is that lower Wick that I
highlighted on the daily chart let's go
back up to uh actually take I want to
take a look at this I didn't see es I
haven't looked at I'm G to see es real
quick
yeah made a higher high there look at
this this is ugly a't
it this is when I talk about certain
things and I'll use adjectives that
uh may seem a little
weird this delivery in es because I get
a lot of questions why are you in in
NASDAQ and not es because NASDAQ is a
little bit more wild and because it's
more wild it has a lot more likelihood
that inefficient IES will be formed in
it that won't be sometimes as clear in
the E mini S&P so look at the difference
between how this price action is here
this is like fuzzy okay it's like back
and forth yeah there's inefficiencies in
here you can see them okay but NASDAQ is
a whole lot cleaner and you can use the
NASDAQ and still trade es like you can
look at the inefficiencies in NASDAQ
when we're moving lower and so okay well
what is es doing and if es is starting
to retrace higher at the same time that
the nasdaq's trading up into a fair
value Gap and it's respecting its lower
half of its
inefficiency you're not going to have
Mark to Market perfect you
know the candles stop at the same time
on ES it stop on that if you're holding
it to that degree of precision it's
going to frustrate you but you can read
price action in NASDAQ and get a good
feel for what uh S&P is going to do but
if you look at what we have in NASDAQ
look at this area
here see how price is delivering all
this in here contrast that with what you
have in the
NASDAQ see how easy and your eye jumps
right to the inefficiencies here here
and here that is a stark contrast to
what the delivery mechanism was in es so
it's a little bit more fuzzy a little
bit more
uh it's like a a muddying of the waters
it's still go where we think it's going
to go but it's not going to be as
pristine and clear like like you can see
clearly with the with the NASDAQ the
inefficiencies go right right right into
it and then breaks aggressively
so
anyway I think that's it for today I had
fun today I'm really hungry um I enjoyed
the
murdering the hearts and minds of
everybody that likes to troll me
I made $100,000 in four days bro poy
ICT I did it in less than one day one
trade one entry full pull one stop loss
Mo movement and that was it and I could
have done way more than that like I
could have built this up wildly doing
everything I've done in the past by
pyramiding and keeping it
going my question to you is do you see
value in
this in the final moments here together
today live I want you to think about it
think about the chances of you having
someone that's doing what I'm doing for
you right
now I'm doing all this for
free I'm doing this with my own personal
time I always overstay unless my wife
says I ask the happs end and we got to
do something I'm always overd delivering
because I enjoy it my passion is
teaching this because I know what it's
done for me I know what it'll do for you
if you're earnestly trying to learn how
to do this the markets are absolutely
not random they're not random they're
not hiding things from you if you're
learning from me they're never going to
be able to hide it from
you everything is in that chart but
they've done a clever game of constantly
pumping out misinformation with
indicators and other schools of thought
and the problem is with good reasonable
money management it's easy to trick
yourself into thinking that that's what
makes the market go up and down your
harmonic patterns your ratio this your
animal patterns your wof your moving
average crossovers your supply and
demands zones you know come on everybody
has something right what works in this
industry all the time is sound money
management that wins every time you can
make money flipping a quarter heads you
buy tails you sell use a reasonable stop
loss don't overtrade at the end of the
year you can be profitable does that
mean that you should sell your course on
how to flip the quarter the right way no
but that's the that's the gimmick and
that's the fraud that's in this industry
because they know that you're chopping
at the bit to learn how to make money
and you all think that this is easy fast
money the only way that occurs is if
you're selling an
education I can make millions instantly
overnight all I gotta do is put a price
tag on this and you should feel
comforted that that's not going to
happen there's no hook here there's no
upsell there's no nothing I'm delivering
more than anybody ever has and ever will
I'm not going to teach everything that
makes me who I am but what I'm teaching
it's going to take years for people to
catch on
that everything I've at this moment
taught and made public it's going to
take years for people to get good and
proficient with it and when I I start
seeing that I'll come out and teach some
more stuff I won't run out of anything
okay I have lots of toys and techniques
and tactics and they're all better than
what you've seen so far like this is
nothing this is like elementary school
stuff it's very very very simplistic
things that there's the lowest order of
technical science that I have and it has
to be taught this way because more
higher tier stuff it requires a whole
lot more things that I honestly don't
have at my age right now the patience or
energy to teach it like I don't it would
take a great deal of effort and to
answer the ones that're asking is my
books going to have all that stuff no it
will have new PD arrays it'll have new
things that amplify what has already
been taught here so that way you have a
full panoramic view but you don't need
to buy my books okay and I know the
people that are partnering with me they
don't like me saying that and I don't
care because I'm not trying to sell
books for money I'm only writing the
book that have an ISBN number and a
copyright that says this was my work
this was my work in print for the first
time other people will be able to talk
about how these things existed and the
ones that have class and character they
have given me credit in their books
which is fine even though they taught it
wrong it's
fine but it's helped stimulate this
whole friend around me and my Concepts
smart money Concepts ICT this ICT that
and because it it Garners attention you
have people that want to make videos
about me you want to uh do exposes or
expose the fact that I just did what I
just did here
today expose that you ain't G to touch
that subject matter you ain't G to touch
that you're going to take something out
of context you're going to make it wise
you're listen to somebody else's
[__] and then you're going to try to
get viewership on your Channel or clicks
on your Twitter account because you need
money and that's fine I'm doing I'm
doing you a better service I'm teaching
you how to actually learn how to make it
in the market on your own Steam and I
don't even care if you ever tell me
thank you for it I don't care that's not
what I'm here for I'm here because I
want to lay it down for my son that way
he can see it he can see these setups in
enough time working with it come
on your funded account challenges they
offer you and they afford you what 15
contracts I didn't even use 15 contracts
and didn't break a rule that would have
been utilized against you if you were
using a particular funded account
company you can't add to a losing
position my position is I'm not
pyramiding into a losing
trade study that trust me those guys as
much as they would love to be able to
copy what I'm doing they don't want you
all learning how to do this because
you're going to break them and that's
not my motivation earlier when I was
having fun about that don't be sending
me some hate meal okay I don't want to
hear about it you got your own little
thing I'm I'm providing you a whole list
of uh new clientele that's going to come
in here and if they listen to me they'll
make money but the ones that are keyed
up like I am they may take it as a
challenge to go take you to the poor
house I me it only takes one good Trader
think about it one good Trader that has
an Oceans 11
itch or you ever seen that movie 21 with
keev
spacy and he taught everybody how to
count cards and they went to the casino
and they were beating
them it only takes one person to be able
to be really really good at this and
they get their little Oceans 11 or they
get their little click up and they said
we're going to take down these funded
account
companies so you need to stop screwing
your ctail because if you keep doing
that kind of
stuff there's more of us than there are
of you and you're making lots of money
lots and lots of
money but the doors are open for people
like me and who I'm teaching and they
can come in and Crush
you crush you because they can make a
point to say look we're going to Army up
and there's going to be a a large number
of people they're going to follow this
same
account you're done for and it's not
like it's going to affect the market
because you're not even in a real Market
you're you're in demo so they're not
going to seek and Hunt
stops because if there was a large body
of of Traders coming in like that that
type of liquidity they're going to move
on that but because you're all
demo it's a easy way to to smash all of
you and that's the number one reason why
I would never go out there in that
setting because word travels fast if I
say anything in my private mentorship
it's already on Instagram it's already
in all the other stuff because there's
leakers there they want to be the person
that's leaking something exclusive and
that's why I don't do most things
anymore at that group I converse with
them we talk about things but I'm doing
more on the YouTube channel publicly now
because of that very
reason so if I went into a setting like
I'm going to trade with the top step or
I don't even know all the other
companies anymore but that's the one I
know of because two of my sons went
through their their thing but the
uh and that's an endorsement for TOP
Step By the way but the uh if I was to
open up an account with them and start
trading with it you think they're going
to keep that quiet hell no hell no
seeing what I'm doing Michael patac
would absolutely be copying every
[__] thing I'm doing and there ain't
no shame in the game I I would do it too
if I was him I'd be like whatever this
guy's doing I want to copy
that and what happens when the other
people behind the scenes in the back
room that work those companies they know
I'm in there and they just say well you
know I can just put a tree copier
here come on I would do it I would do
that I'm not gonna lie about it I would
absolutely do that if this if this guy
was making it available so I could see
what he's doing every single time you
all know you'd be doing it too come on
but what happens when individuals out
there that learn how to trade really
well may not maybe not with this stuff
maybe maybe they do trade with other
stuff and they're profitable and they're
wildly profitable
and they have a bunch of people with
them with the
extended
goal over time to knock you guys out of
business think about that so you have to
really handle yourself differently and
when people earn their money don't screw
them don't screw them out of that stuff
oh well you broke this rule you didn't
do that now supposedly some one company
saying you got to record yourself
trading well my students if they know
trade they probably would love doing
that they probably want to see if
they're trading what I'm showing in my
charts if you're trading like that ICT
guy we gotta get this guy out of here
deny all
payouts that's some funny stuff I mean
it's not funny for the people that
should have been paid out because
they've earned the money but it's it's
crazy I'm sure they're probably thinking
man this guy's teaching everybody how to
do this though yep Boys in Chicago are
paying attention to trust me on that
tell me I can't and I'll make more of me
so that's going to be it for today I'm
going to grab something to eat enjoy the
weekend and relax I hope you all had
some fun today I hope you learned
something um I certainly had a great
time with you all uh I hope you watched
the video I shared yesterday it's sped
up if you watch it at 0.25 uh speed um
don't you don't want to hear me sound
like I'm drunk I've never been drunk in
my life but at 0.25 I'm going to sound
like I'm drunk but watch everything I'm
annotating in the in the chart and in
comp compare and contrast what I shows
you here how we worked from higher time
frame using the PD arrays and the price
delivery Continuum Theory where
everything on the higher time frame has
to be confirmed with that lower time
frame contrast that with what you hear
in retail the higher time frames have to
confirm the lower time frame no no no no
no because everything is algorithmic
prices are going to
be reacting to in the way I'm teaching
you with the lower time frames because
it's high frequency in nature
algorithmic trading is not slow snails
paced trading on weekly monthly and
daily charts and 4 hour that's not what
that is not that there isn't algorithms
keying off of those time frames there
are but algorithmic delivery of price
that the engine itself is causing the
fluctuations higher and lower where the
price is going to go whether there's
buyers or sellers at any degree of of
significance more other the any other
day it's these things are
predetermined and I'm telling you I know
some people just don't like to hear it
but if it was anything but what I'm
telling you I would tell
you but if it isn't what I'm telling you
and I'm able to do this what other
school of thought am I employing what is
it because you're not going to find that
it's not going to happen folks it's not
going to happen but you're welcome
you're welcome to go out there and waste
your time doing it some people have
tried and they became
students and I wish you all the best
with it I I want you to do well I
certainly want my son to come out here
and do a better job of being IC uh 2.0
or 5.0 you know um than I
was I want him to do it correctly not
have the the
the the self centered all about me that
I had when I was
20 I wish I had this mentality when I
was 20 I would have been a huge huge
name in the industry way before I am
right now and I'm I'm not really that
big of a deal so don't think I'm I'm
trying to make myself bigger than I am
but when it comes to trading everybody
knows what SMC is everybody knows what
an ICT is and they're they're polarized
either yeah I know him he's a crackpot
or yeah wow that guy is something else
it's it's crazy and that's what it is
and I like being polarizing because that
means I'm constantly going to have a
fresh perspective put against me and
then over time those individuals that
listen to that [__] they'll come
here and they'll see what I'm able to do
and what my students are learning and
they're doing in their own hands and
there ain't no better testimony than you
finding what you're looking for and
never understanding what it was you were
seeking until you see it for the first
time and you're like
wow you're telling me that I can get
short at the high of the day and all I'm
trying to get is 10 handles and what
happens if I just hold it right what
happens if you hold it for the entire
daily range what happens if you carry it
over to the following day and you reach
for targets that I'm teaching you the
algorithm is going to reprice to anyway
you just got to submit to the time
holding on to them everything changes
folks and you won't be able to sleep
you'll have so much energy and
excitement it's not fear you'll have so
much excitement like you will be buzzing
you won't you won't be able to stand it
waiting to get through work because you
want to go home and get into the charts
and dig through it and study more
that's how you know you're progressing
if it's hard for you to get into the
charts if you're finding it daunting and
you're listening to me and it's like
this guy you I don't even want to go
through this anymore just stop save
yourself all the trouble and just stop
because you're not equipped ready and
and wanting to do it right now you may
want to do it later on but don't if you
have to force yourself to do this and
learn from me then that's the surest
sign that you're not ready that's all
that's all that's all it means and go do
something else try to learn something
from somebody else there's a lot of
other YouTubers out there that are live
streaming and actually doing their
trades in front of you go learn from
them go try to do what they're doing and
see what it does for you it might work
for you it might it might fix it for you
but if it doesn't come back with that
perspective and I promise you you will
find what you're looking for because
you're going to see something totally
different than everybody else's stuff
even my YouTube channel uh students like
tan um well that's the only one I want
want to promote right now because
there's other ones that are coming up
and I don't want to put a spotlight on
them because they're just quite not not
quite ready for all the Fan Fair because
I put my finger on uh Tanya's uh live
stream she has a lot of trolls in there
now and I know they're trolling me
because they know I'm watching and
that's fine they're they're broke but
the point is is I'm not trying to create
a drama fest for any of my students and
they're welcome to create that on their
own
but even they that are profitable
they're not trading like I
trade they you didn't see any one of my
students do what I just did yesterday
into
today and for the folks that are telling
me you took the same
trade show me telling me in words I I
know what you think you think by saying
yeah I took the same trade and same
entry and exit ICT I want to see that I
want to see
that I have four people tell me that in
the comment section and they're not
subscribed they're just somebody that
watch the video and there just left left
a comment I'm telling you that you're
lying and you're lying and you're doing
the same thing that people do as I
mentioned here in other uh lectures
where if you do something in a demo
account and it's not even linked to
anything and it pans out and you want to
show everybody your mt4 your mt5 or your
demo account results on trading view or
whatever is that you're trading with you
want that response from the social media
to make you feel good because what you
just did should have already been enough
like if you know what you're doing and
the trade goes just like you want it to
do whether you're tape reading it with
no demo account or a demo or you're
trading with real money or a prop
firm the fact that you're following your
rules and it's delivering as you expect
that should get you a static that you're
progressing that you're going through
the motions that you're properly
learning you're not going through this
rut you're not
stagnant and the purest sign that you're
not
equipped and you're not following the
rules of of going through the the
process of learning here or anywhere
else is if you go on social media and
you toss your hat out there and say give
me a tip give me some money give me an
attention some engagement dopamine hit
let me feel good for a moment because
you can't find the comfort in the
progress that you're making studying in
the privacy of your own home your own
office wherever it is you're doing it
nobody needed to tell me I was doing it
right when it started
happening nobody needed to tell me at a
boy I love the fact that I had all the
ammunition to go against my family and
friends that were talking about me when
I was coming up and saying you're
wasting your
time they all finished working their
life and retired or some of them are
still working in retirement because they
don't know how to make money they
weren't successful but these are the
same people that said you ain't going to
be able to do anything with
that and now my name's
everywhere I have people in other
countries saying we talk about you here
blah blah we you're
what it's weird it's weird right
but I know it can work for you I know it
will I absolutely know it will work for
you but the problem is you have to
believe it will and how you learn to
believe it go through the process I'm
laying in front of you just like I'm
doing with Caleb you start by the
screenshotting finding things in
hindsight and the more you do it you
start getting better at seeing it and
then you start applying New Concepts as
I reveal them in Ed education showing
you examples of it I'm not just talking
about stuff that's after the fact I'm
doing it I'm telling you what I think is
going to happen in the week and then I'm
executing on them don't believe me go
back and li listen to every lecture and
everything I outlined on Caleb's Channel
too they were all before the fact
it's never hindsight it's never after
the fact I'm just not going to put you
in a trade that's going to make $100,000
so you can go online and pretend that
you're smart and scam people and say I'm
going to teach you better than ICT
because that's the new flavor right now
okay you can teach better than me you
can trade better than me do something
better than I just did outline the week
what it's going to do where it's going
to trade to and then you make $100,000
in one single trade single poll you do
that show the executions record the
entire thing from beginning to end
prove it's not a demo prove it's not
this prove it's not that go all out
everything
possible and then you'll get a nod from
me I'll even Point people to your uh
Channel if you want to be a live
streamer about it but I promise you you
will not be able to do that in years
from now you will my best students
they'll be able to pull that same
tradeoff I just did absolutely I'm I'm
confident that I have taught enough I
just went through the process of doing
it here see the problem is is you're
trying to do everything and you're not
focus focusing on one
concept where's the price going and then
you're just looking for anything to get
involved in that if you're spish you
want to get in as high as you can so
what's the highest premium array you got
to go through their time frames to find
it but you're rushing you want to be in
these one minute or sub one minute
charts and you want to make big big
money on small little tiny fluctuations
because you think I don't want to be in
the Char long enough I want to be get in
and get out but there's going to be have
there's going to have to be a period of
time where you hold on to the trade
because you're not going to grow if you
just go in there for taking five Handles
in es and 10 to 15 Handles in mask that
can be done you will stagnate as a
Trader and what that does is it's
rewarding you doing not
enough you have to broaden your your
your range of opportunity by holding on
to trades
longer my comfortable
time frame okay is working inside the
weekly range I I don't want to hold
anything over the weekend ever again I
just know that I don't have the like I'm
52 now I I I think about things a little
bit differently um my body responds to
uh to to things differently now as an
older man and while I'm not a senior
citizen I do feel physical changes in my
body and I don't want to put things on
me that is UN necessary so I'm
completely content with the doing the
types of things I'm doing here because
I'm not absorbing or incurring or
inviting over the weekend risk which is
in the climate we have around the world
right now astronomical like anything can
pop off you know nuclear war you
terrorism biochemical all that stuff
anything can pop off and that will cause
Crazy Town levels of volatility in the
marketplace and if it's not on the right
side of my trade that I'm holding over
the weekend when we open up on Sunday I
could be in some serious financial
distress and I just don't want to incur
that so my appetite is working inside
the weekly range I know I have the
market that's going to trade except for
one hour it's broken between 5:00 p.m
and 6 P.M every evening and I think if
you have been paying attention much like
the comment section has proven to me
that it's
99.999% just a love feser which is the
reason why I don't like showing it um
because it looks like I'm encouraging
worship and I don't want you worshiping
me I don't want you I see every one of
your comments even the on say I don't
know if you probably see this comment
but I I see all of them I'm not going to
reply to you but many times it's a
statement that you make or something
like that it'll inspire me to talk about
something in in the recording as some of
you probably already realize
today
but I just want to give a shout out to
the the the ladies in the community
because that that part of our community
is growing a lot and to me I find that
very comforting because this is a a
man's world and and everybody's else and
everybody else's eyes but I've said this
before and one dude one dude had to be
the guy oh you're
sing dude you're broke and you gota you
gotta get your head out of your
ass we have to work harder at being
better as a traiter as a man women don't
have to do the things to compensate for
size performance we're all we're all
like that as men that's how we think
that's that's the economy between men
who's stronger who's bigger who's longer
who's harder who stays up longest all
that stuff and who has more money who
has the prettier wife who has the best
chin line who has the prettier teeth you
know all these compare and contrast and
competition and in trading women don't
have
that
like I watched a podcast it's not a
podcast I'm a fan of by the way but
because it was all women I I literally
was like interested I want to see I want
to see what they do
and watch how women engage with one
another and they're all
traitors they did not one time unzip
their pants and let it fall on the table
and say let's see who measures up they
conversed with one another they didn't
vilify one another they didn't look like
they were offended by the other person's
perspective they all felt like wow yeah
like it's a
Sisterhood and I think that the men in
this industry should look at one another
like a brother and encourage the next
guy it doesn't mean that you can't rib
rib somebody when they need it or when
you want to have fun with it and they
shouldn't have their feelings hurt and
be like oh well you know I'm going home
and take my toys
home but men generally are the source of
the toxicity in our industry not just in
online social media around trading but
even in the industry outside of social
media like I'm going to Traders Expo
next year like I'm going to be down
there I I'm I'm going to be floating
through there I probably go grow my
beard out and dye my hair and and try to
get some fake tattoos all myself going
incognito but I I I want to see I want
to see what it's like walking around all
of you a wolf a mon uh
sheep I want to I want to see the the
the bravado and I hopefully will see
some of the ladies that are in the
street and I want to be able to capture
that so I can tell you this was what I
observed but the men are the toxic side
of this industry the women aren't and
it's not surprising that my students
that are doing the best that make the
most real money not not prop money real
money real money $330,000 a week real
money
hello they're female they're born with a
vagina what are they doing differently
it's how they think they don't engage
social media they don't even have social
media presence except for being in
contact with me and that's not the
secret sauce it's the fact that they cut
out all the [__] all the drama it's
out they don't want drama in their
household they certainly don't want it
in their finances and they don't want it
in their thinking about trades because
you have to guard your mind and young
men and older men you need to start
applying that stuff that's not sing
that's common
sense and the data doesn't argue against
it it's it's supplying the proof that
women are better
Traders doesn't mean that you can't find
some reckless guy out there I'm going to
throw out everything and just go all in
full
full full tilt it's either going to work
or it's not and if it doesn't work I
don't care but what if it does I'm going
to be a legend no you're not you're a
gambler
proficiency and precision is what I just
demonstrated that to me is impressive
making lots of money on one trade after
having severe draw down in the same day
that's not impressive that's
gambling having big windfall
wins take out your top three top two or
three windfalls how are you making money
now
so many people online are making a
career over the one big thing they just
did or the one big payout they is
there's a big buzz right now one one
prop firm this did a supposedly I don't
know if it's true or not I don't know
but supposedly there's a a big
multi-million dollar or almost $2
million payout and to whoever that
student is or I shouldn't say student
because I don't I don't know who it is
okay I'm not trying to say it is I don't
know who it is I just I heard somebody
else talk about it it was traded by Matt
um
and I thought to myself wow you if
they're putting out payouts like that
that's why I was like okay well let me
just let me just test the waters and see
what's going on because if you're
telling me that I could
somehow then look man that's easy like
that's easy you're you're basically
asking me to do a demo account and make
millions of dollars uh yeah I can do
that that's that's easy stuff of course
I can I can do that I can create proxies
and hey look what we're going to do
you want to see record
payout it's closing time we had to pay
everything I see t a partner
now oh
[__] oh anyways we're getting it's
boring now we got to get off here I'm
talking about things that aren't that
funny anymore so it's funny to me though
wish you a very good weekend be safe uh
study go back through that recording
yesterday or or today from yesterday tra
into today slow speed take screenshots
of that and then build that same thing
that I'm me um demonstrating in my
charts map that on yours and then log
anything else you see in in your own
observations okay and then I think uh
next week I owe you a a London session
so we'll probably do one Tuesday um oh
this is this is schedule
now Tuesday morning
which will
be um my local
time 1 45
a.m. okay
so it's technically Tuesday's trading
but some of you in other parts of the
world may look at things differently but
my time 1:45 a.m. Tuesday okay we'll
we'll meet on live stream on YouTube on
this channel and then we'll we'll talk
talk about things over the London
session okay so Monday will be a
regular um I guess what 9:30 or so
couple minutes right before
9:30 I'll try to keep it till like 10:30
because I want to make sure I can get
everything else I do in my personal life
and then have time to get everything set
up for later that night for me but it'll
be 1:45 a.m. eastern time next Tuesday
and we'll do a live stream until well
whenever I get tired of being on there
Okay so until I'll talk to you then Lord
willing be safe